=== START PAGE CONTENT ===
•
In India, Amazon and Sun Mobility, a local provider of energy infrastructure and services for electric vehicles (EVs),
announced an expanded deployment of EVs with battery-swapping technology, which eliminates the need for lengthy
recharging. These EVs will be part of Amazon's transportation and logistics services, and contribute to Amazon
India's commitment of adding 10,000 electric vehicles to its delivery fleet by 2025.
As part of AWS's ongoing commitment to help customers reduce their environmental impact and reach their
sustainability goals, AWS launched a carbon footprint tool that helps customers quantify their carbon usage across
AWS products. The tool gives AWS customers a view of their historic carbon emissions, evaluates emission trends as
their use of AWS evolves, estimates the carbon emissions they have avoided by using AWS instead of an on-premises
solution, and projects forecasted emissions based on current usage.
Financial Guidance
The following forward-looking statements reflect Amazon.com's expectations as of April 28, 2022, and are subject to
substantial uncertainty. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, such as
uncertainty regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global
economic conditions and customer demand and spending, inflation, labor market and global supply chain constraints, world
events, the rate of growth of the Internet, online commerce, and cloud services, and the various factors detailed below. This
guidance reflects our estimates as of April 28, 2022 regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations as well
as the effect of other factors discussed above.
Second Quarter 2022 Guidance
•
•
•
Net sales are expected to be between $116.0 billion and $121.0 billion, or to grow between 3% and 7% compared with
second quarter 2021. This guidance anticipates an unfavorable impact of approximately 200 basis points from foreign
exchange rates.
Operating income (loss) is expected to be between $(1.0) billion and $3.0 billion, compared with $7.7 billion in second
quarter 2021.
This guidance assumes that Prime Day occurs in third quarter 2022.
This guidance assumes, among other things, that no additional business acquisitions, restructurings, or legal
settlements are concluded.
A conference call will be webcast live today at 2:30 p.m. PT/5:30 p.m. ET, and will be available for at least three months at
amazon.com/ir. This call will contain forward-looking statements and other material information regarding the Company's
financial and operating results.
These forward-looking statements are inherently difficult to predict. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially for a
variety of reasons, including, in addition to the factors discussed above, the amount that Amazon.com invests in new business
opportunities and the timing of those investments, the mix of products and services sold to customers, the mix of net sales
derived from products as compared with services, the extent to which we owe income or other taxes, competition, management
of growth, potential fluctuations in operating results, international growth and expansion, the outcomes of claims, litigation,
government investigations, and other proceedings, fulfillment, sortation, delivery, and data center optimization, risks of
inventory management, variability in demand, the degree to which the Company enters into, maintains, and develops
commercial agreements, proposed and completed acquisitions and strategic transactions, payments risks, and risks of
fulfillment throughput and productivity. Other risks and uncertainties include, among others, risks related to new products,
services, and technologies, system interruptions, government regulation and taxation, and fraud. In addition, global economic
conditions and additional or unforeseen effects from the COVID-19 pandemic amplify many of these risks. More information
about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings.
Our investor relations website is amazon.com/ir and we encourage investors to use it as a way of easily finding information
about us. We promptly make available on this website, free of charge, the reports that we file or furnish with the SEC, corporate
governance information (including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics), and select press releases, which may contain
material information about us, and you may subscribe to be notified of new information posted to this site.

=== END PAGE CONTENT ===
