how we're staffing and scaling our fulfillment network to bring even faster delivery to more customers, the extraordinary
growth of AWS with 40% year-over-year growth (and now a $71 billion revenue run rate), the addition of marquee new
entertainment like The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power and Thursday Night Football, and a plethora of new capabilities
that we're building in areas like Alexa, Ring, Grocery, Pharmacy, Amazon Care, Kuiper, and Zoox, there's a lot to look
forward to in the months and years ahead."
Amazon also continues to invest heavily in Prime. In the last few years, Amazon has added more product selection available
with fast, free, unlimited Prime shipping; more exclusive deals and discounts; and more high-quality digital entertainment,
including TV, movies, music, and books. Since 2018, Prime Video has tripled the number of Amazon Originals, rolling out new
series and movies like The Boys, The Wheel of Time, Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan, The Underground Railroad, Sound of Metal,
Coming 2 America, The Tomorrow War, and Being the Ricardos. This September, Prime Video will release the highly
anticipated The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power and become the exclusive home of Thursday Night Football as part of a
historic 11-year agreement with the National Football League (NFL). Since 2018 in the U.S., availability of Free Same-Day
Delivery has expanded from 48 metropolitan areas to more than 90, items available for Prime free shipping have increased over
50%, and members have saved billions of dollars shopping Prime Day. This is all on top of new program benefits like
prescription savings and fast, free delivery from Amazon Pharmacy and the continually growing Amazon Music for Prime
members, Prime Reading, and Prime Gaming. With the continued expansion of Prime member benefits as well as the rise in
wages and transportation costs, Amazon will increase the price of a Prime membership in the U.S., with the monthly fee going
from $12.99 to $14.99, and the annual membership from $119 to $139. This is the first time Amazon has raised the price of
Prime since 2018. For new Prime members, the price change will go into effect on February 18, 2022, and for current Prime
members, the new price will apply after March 25, 2022, on the date of their next renewal.
Highlights
Shopping
•
•
•
Amazon had its biggest-ever Black Friday to Cyber Monday holiday shopping weekend, with apparel, beauty, home,
and toys among the top-selling categories. During the holiday season, third-party sellers—most of which are small and
medium-sized businesses—achieved record worldwide sales in Amazon's store. More than 130,000 third-party sellers
worldwide surpassed $100,000 in sales on Amazon, and between Black Friday and Christmas, U.S.-based third-party
sellers sold an average of 11,500 products per minute. In addition, Amazon India's month-long Great Indian Festival
sales event was the biggest shopping celebration ever for sellers and brand partners on Amazon.in, with nearly 30,000
sellers surpassing $100,000 in sales.
Prime members are taking advantage of program benefits in record numbers. In 2021, members in the U.S. received
more than 6 billion free deliveries, and over 200 million Prime members worldwide streamed shows and movies.
Amazon Style, Amazon's first-ever physical store for apparel, will open this year at The Americana at Brand, a top
shopping destination in greater Los Angeles. Amazon Style is built around personalization and innovation. It uses
machine learning algorithms to produce tailored recommendations in real time as customers shop, making it easier
than ever to discover new looks. At Amazon Style, customers will be able to have items sent to a fitting room with the
tap of a button in the Amazon app and continue shopping from their fitting room without having to leave.
The first Starbucks Pickup with Amazon Go store opened in New York City. With this new store concept, customers
can order a handcrafted Starbucks beverage or food item for pickup through the Starbucks app and grab food items
from the Amazon Go market, all in one convenient location without having to wait in line to pay. Starbucks and
Amazon Go plan to open two more stores in 2022, with the next location planned for The New York Times Building
in New York City.
UK grocer Sainsbury's opened SmartShop Pick & Go, a Just Walk Out technology-enabled convenience store in
Holborn Circus, London. The store marked the first time Amazon's Just Walk Out technology launched in a third-
party customer store internationally. It was also the first time Amazon retrofitted a third-party retail store with Just
Walk Out technology, meaning the store uses Sainsbury's existing fixtures and fittings with Amazon's technology.
For the second year in a row, the Retailer Preference Index―a report from research firm dunnhumby based on insights
from 10,000 shoppers on 57 grocers in the U.S.—ranked Amazon as the best overall grocery retailer. Amazon was
recognized for offering customers consistently low prices, convenience, and great selection on a wide variety of
grocery items sold on Amazon.com.
Amazon partnered with Affirm to offer customers even more ways to pay on Amazon. Customers in the U.S. now
have the flexibility to split the total cost of eligible purchases of $50 or more into monthly payments at checkout with
no late or hidden fees.
