•
•
•
for machine learning training and cloud-based simulation workloads to safely accelerate the development of
self-driving vehicle technology.
Retail: Best Buy selected AWS as its preferred cloud provider and will migrate enterprise systems and
business-critical workloads to the cloud to modernize its technology platforms and become a destination for
top engineering talent. Under Armour selected AWS as its preferred cloud provider for SAP to increase
resilience, enhance security, and provide more significant business insights. adidas migrated its SAP
environments to AWS to digitize core business processes across its value chain and support new business
models such as direct-to-consumer. Richemont is moving its enterprise IT infrastructure to AWS, including
its data centers in Europe, Hong Kong, and the U.S.
Financial services: Goldman Sachs and AWS launched a suite of cloud-based data and analytics solutions for
financial institutions, which will reduce the need for investment firms to develop and maintain foundational
data-integration technology, lower the barriers to entry for accessing advanced quantitative analytics across
global markets, and streamline access to financial data from Goldman Sachs. AIG tapped AWS as its
preferred public cloud provider to accelerate a large-scale digital transformation. Fannie Mae is using AWS
to automate processes, enhance IT security, and innovate new services that facilitate equitable and sustainable
access to homeownership and affordable rental housing.
Health care and life sciences: Pfizer is working with AWS to improve how new medicines are developed,
manufactured, and distributed for testing in clinical trials. Roche is using AWS technology to facilitate secure
research collaboration, deliver new diagnostic technologies, and unlock insights from health data to deliver
high-quality, individually tailored patient care. Gilead will use AWS machine learning and analytics to
inform clinical trial design and advance data-driven decision making to help refine its drug pipeline.
Agriculture: Bayer Crop Science, in collaboration with Bushel and AWS, launched a carbon footprint
measurement solution to help farmers in the U.S. drive more sustainable supply chains and mitigate the
impact of agriculture on the environment.
Manufacturing: Siemens Digital Industries Software expanded its collaboration with AWS to drive
adoption of Siemens' Xcelerator as a Service and help industrial companies accelerate digital transformation
in the cloud. Kone selected AWS to provide global cloud capabilities to help innovate and scale its connected
solutions and services for smart buildings.
Media and entertainment: Discovery extended its strategic relationship with AWS to provide discovery+
viewers with enhanced, reliable, and personalized viewing experiences.
Travel and hospitality: United Airlines selected AWS as its preferred cloud provider to deliver personalized
and scalable services for its customers and employees, as well as optimize airport operations.
The 10th annual AWS re:Invent conference welcomed over 26,000 in-person attendees and hundreds of thousands
more virtually. At this year's event, 115 new services and features were announced, including:
•
•
•
•
AWS Private 5G, a managed service that helps enterprises set up and scale private 5G mobile networks in
days instead of months.
AWS Mainframe Modernization, which makes it faster and easier for customers to migrate mainframe and
legacy workloads to the cloud and enjoy the superior agility, elasticity, and cost savings of AWS.
Since their introduction in 2020, Graviton2 processors have been rolled out across general purpose, burstable,
compute optimized, storage optimized, and memory optimized instances providing customers up to 40%
better price performance over comparable generation x86-based instances. Today, 48 of the top 50 Amazon
EC2 customers use Graviton2 instances to deliver superior price performance to their customers. At re:Invent
2021, AWS announced new compute optimized instances featuring Graviton3 processors that will provide an
additional 25% better performance over comparable Graviton2-based instances.
A total of three new instance types powered by AWS-designed chips, including compute optimized instances
featuring Graviton3 processors that provide up to 25% better performance over comparable Graviton2
instances, new instances powered by AWS Trainium chips that provide the best price performance and the
fastest time to train most machine learning models in Amazon EC2, and storage optimized instances that
feature new AWS Nitro SSDs for the best storage performance for I/O-intensive workloads.
Six new capabilities for Amazon SageMaker, AWS's industry-leading machine learning service, that make it
even easier to prepare and gather data for machine learning, train models faster, optimize the type and amount
of compute needed for inference, and expand machine learning to an even broader audience.
