Amazon announced a range of initiatives during the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP26) to fight
climate change. The initiatives include:
•
•
•
Mobilizing $1 billion to protect tropical forests via the LEAF (Lowering Emissions by Accelerating Forest
finance) Coalition, an ambitious public-private initiative designed to protect tropical forests and support
sustainable development.
Joining the First Movers Coalition, a partnership between the World Economic Forum and the U.S. Office of
the Special Presidential Envoy for Climate John Kerry to promote buying low-carbon products.
Participating in the Corporate Clean Energy Demand Initiative to promote countries and companies working
together to advance shared clean energy goals by leveraging corporate clean energy commitments.
Joining the Sustainable Aviation Buyers Alliance and helping to found the Aviators Group to accelerate the
transition to net-zero emissions air transport.
Amazon received the Terra Carta Seal Award from His Royal Highness Prince Charles in recognition of the
company's climate leadership. The Terra Carta Seal is awarded to companies that hold a leadership position within
their industry and that have credible transition roadmaps underpinned by globally recognized, scientific metrics for
achieving net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 or earlier.
Amazon announced 18 new utility-scale wind and solar energy projects in Finland, Germany, Italy, Spain, the UK, and
the U.S., representing 2 gigawatts of new clean energy capacity and increasing Amazon's renewable energy
procurement by 40% in one year. With 274 renewable energy projects, Amazon continues to be the largest corporate
buyer of renewable energy globally and is on a path to power 100% of its business operations with renewable energy
by 2025-five years ahead of its 2030 target.
Financial Guidance
The following forward-looking statements reflect Amazon.com's expectations as of February 3, 2022, and are subject to
substantial uncertainty. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, such as
uncertainty regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global
economic conditions and customer demand and spending, inflation, labor market and global supply chain constraints, world
events, the rate of growth of the Internet, online commerce, and cloud services, and the various factors detailed below. This
guidance reflects our estimates as of February 3, 2022 regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations as
well as the effect of other factors discussed above.
First Quarter 2022 Guidance
•
Net sales are expected to be between $112.0 billion and $117.0 billion, or to grow between 3% and 8% compared with
first quarter 2021. This guidance anticipates an unfavorable impact of approximately 150 basis points from foreign
exchange rates.
Operating income is expected to be between $3.0 billion and $6.0 billion, compared with $8.9 billion in first quarter
2021. This guidance includes approximately $1.0 billion lower depreciation expense due to increases in the estimated
useful lives of our servers and networking equipment beginning on January 1, 2022.
This guidance assumes, among other things, that no additional business acquisitions, restructurings, or legal
settlements are concluded.
A conference call will be webcast live today at 2:30 p.m. PT/5:30 p.m. ET, and will be available for at least three months at
amazon.com/ir. This call will contain forward-looking statements and other material information regarding the Company's
financial and operating results.
These forward-looking statements are inherently difficult to predict. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially for a
variety of reasons, including, in addition to the factors discussed above, the amount that Amazon.com invests in new business
opportunities and the timing of those investments, the mix of products and services sold to customers, the mix of net sales
derived from products as compared with services, the extent to which we owe income or other taxes, competition, management
of growth, potential fluctuations in operating results, international growth and expansion, the outcomes of claims, litigation,
government investigations, and other proceedings, fulfillment, sortation, delivery, and data center optimization, risks of
inventory management, variability in demand, the degree to which the Company enters into, maintains, and develops
commercial agreements, proposed and completed acquisitions and strategic transactions, payments risks, and risks of
fulfillment throughput and productivity. Other risks and uncertainties include, among others, risks related to new products,
services, and technologies, system interruptions, government regulation and taxation, and fraud. In addition, the global
economic climate and additional or unforeseen effects from the COVID-19 pandemic amplify many of these risks. More
