=== START PAGE CONTENT ===
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
To better execute on Microsoft's mission, we focus our Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
efforts where we can have the most positive impact. To learn more about our latest initiatives and
priorities, please visit our investor relations ESG website.
Webcast Details
Satya Nadella, chairman and chief executive officer, Amy Hood, executive vice president and chief financial
officer, Alice Jolla, chief accounting officer, Keith Dolliver, corporate secretary and deputy general counsel,
and Brett Iversen, vice president of investor relations, will host a conference call and webcast at 2:30 p.m.
Pacific time (5:30 p.m. Eastern time) today to discuss details of the company's performance for the quarter
and certain forward-looking information. The session may be accessed at http://www.microsoft.com/en-
us/investor. The webcast will be available for replay through the close of business on January 30, 2025.
Non-GAAP Definition
Q2 charge. In the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, Microsoft recorded costs related to decisions
announced on January 18th, 2023, including employee severance expenses, impairment charges resulting
from changes to our hardware portfolio, and costs related to lease consolidation activities.
Microsoft has provided non-GAAP financial measures related to the Q2 charge to aid investors in better
understanding our performance. Microsoft believes these non-GAAP measures assist investors by
providing additional insight into its operational performance and help clarify trends affecting its business.
For comparability of reporting, management considers non-GAAP measures in conjunction with GAAP
financial results in evaluating business performance. The non-GAAP financial measures presented in this
release should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, the measures of financial performance
prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Constant Currency
Microsoft presents constant currency information to provide a framework for assessing how our
underlying businesses performed excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. To present this
information, current and comparative prior period results for entities reporting in currencies other than
United States dollars are converted into United States dollars using the average exchange rates from the
comparative period rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods. All
growth comparisons relate to the corresponding period in the last fiscal year. Microsoft has provided this
non-GAAP financial information to aid investors in better understanding our performance. The non-GAAP
financial measures presented in this release should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to,
the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.

=== END PAGE CONTENT ===
