•
•
Launched Prime Video Channels and the Prime Video Store in Chile and Colombia, and grew Prime Video's
international slate of content with more than 40 local Amazon Originals and live sporting events. This includes: The
Lost Flowers of Alice Hart (Australia), Cangaço Novo (Brazil), Los Iniciados (Colombia), All or Nothing: The
German National Team in Qatar (Germany), Made in Heaven (India), The Ferragnez - The Series (Italy), Sanremo
Special (Italy), and Wilderness (UK).
Entered a strategic collaboration to advance generative AI with Anthropic. As part of the expanded collaboration,
Anthropic selected AWS as its primary cloud provider and will build and deploy future generations of its foundation
models on AWS Trainium and AWS Inferentia chips. Anthropic plans to run the majority of its workloads on AWS
and will also provide AWS customers with access to future generations of its foundation models via Amazon Bedrock.
Amazon developers and engineers will have the opportunity to build with Anthropic models to enhance existing
applications and create new customer experiences.
Announced new AI-driven commitments and expansions from AWS customers.
•
•
•
•
•
•
BMW Group selected AWS to power its next-generation of automated driving platform, which will use
BMW's preexisting Cloud Data Hub on AWS, and will use AWS compute, generative AI, Internet of Things
(IoT), machine learning (ML), and storage capabilities to help accelerate the delivery of highly automated
BMW vehicles.
UK-based bank NatWest expanded its partnership with AWS to accelerate the responsible use of AI and co-
create AI products on foundation models available through Amazon Bedrock to enhance the financial well-
being of its 10 million customers.
Occidental, an international energy company and carbon management leader, selected AWS as its preferred
cloud provider to improve operational efficiencies, reduce IT infrastructure costs, and develop systems for
carbon removal plants, which are expected to capture 1 million metric tons per year. Occidental is leveraging
AWS analytics and ML services like Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2), Amazon Elastic Block
Store (Amazon EBS) to scale IT resources, and AWS Lake Formation to increase efficiencies and extract
greater value from operational data.
PwC announced a collaboration with AWS to deliver a goal of $800 million in business value to clients and
strengthen PwC's offerings, including cloud migration and modernization, data and analytics, cybersecurity
and risk, customer experience, managed services, generative AI, and climate reporting and transition to net-
zero carbon emissions.
EVERSANA, provider of commercial services to the global life sciences industry, teamed up with AWS to
use Amazon Bedrock to accelerate generative AI use cases to help pharmaceutical and life science
manufacturers drive efficiencies and business value while improving patient outcomes.
DS Smith, a sustainable packaging provider, will leverage AWS's global infrastructure, advanced analytics,
IoT, AI, and ML to derive deeper business intelligence, deliver new digital customer experiences, and drive
automation at scale across its supply chain, including real-time monitoring of manufacturing capacity and
supply chain management to support sustainability targets.
Abdul Latif Jameel, an internationally diversified business, selected AWS as its preferred cloud provider to
use AWS analytics, ML, and Amazon Bedrock to develop generative AI applications that will help car
manufacturers offer digital showroom experiences for customers and enhance in-car experiences, while
reducing development costs.
South Korean game developer NCSOFT launched seven large language models (LLMs) on Amazon
SageMaker JumpStart to democratize generative AI in Korea and accelerate development of new gaming and
creative applications.
Genpact, a global professional services firm, expanded its relationship with AWS to transform its financial
crime risk operations by leveraging generative AI and LLMs. Genpact is accelerating efficiencies and impact
for their clients by integrating their proprietary cloud-based financial crime suite with Amazon Bedrock.
Continued to expand AWS's infrastructure footprint to support customers by launching the AWS Israel (Tel Aviv)
Region and a new AWS Local Zone in Phoenix, Arizona. The AWS Israel (Tel Aviv) Region is estimated to support
an average of 7,700 full-time equivalent jobs annually through a planned investment of $7.2 billion through 2037.
