Legal & Professional, Lonely Planet, Merck, Royal Philips, Showpad, Travelers, and United Airlines. New offerings
include:
•
•
•
•
General availability of Amazon Bedrock, a fully managed service that offers leading foundation models as a
single application programming interface (API), along with capabilities that help customers build generative
AI applications, simplifying development while maintaining privacy and security.
More choice for Amazon Bedrock customers with the addition of Meta as a model provider. Amazon Bedrock
is the first service to offer Meta's Llama 2 model as a fully managed service available through a single API.
New model customization capability for Amazon CodeWhisperer, an AI-powered coding companion,
allowing organizations to securely customize CodeWhisperer suggestions to include their internal code base.
AWS Entity Resolution, an ML-powered analytics service that helps organizations improve the quality of
their data by analyzing, matching, and linking related consumer, business, and product records stored across
multiple applications, channels, and data stores.
New business intelligence authoring capabilities for Amazon QuickSight, so data analysts can use natural
language queries to ask forecast and “why” questions, receive accurate answers, and create compelling
visualizations in seconds.
Empowering employees and delivery service partners
In addition to its focus on customers, Amazon strives to make every day better for its employees and delivery service partners.
For example, the company:
•
•
Announced that Amazon will hire 250,000 full-time, part-time, and seasonal employees in the U.S. this holiday
season. Amazon also announced its largest-ever annual investment in U.S. hourly employee pay-$1.3 billion—
bringing the new average hourly wage for customer fulfillment and delivery roles to more than $20.50 per hour. Over
the last five years, Amazon has invested $10 billion in hourly employee wages.
Added 14 benefits to Amazon's FamilyFlex program, which provides operations employees and their family members
with tools to help them achieve personal and professional growth. New benefits include financial wellness resources,
mental health offerings, and temporary schedule adjustment policies for flexibility. Amazon also extended its family-
building and fertility benefits to support more than 1 million employees and their partners across Africa, Asia-Pacific,
Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East.
Announced an $840 million investment in the Delivery Service Partner (DSP) program in the U.S. to support DSPs in
providing higher wages and more benefits to drivers, including childcare-support services and tuition reimbursement
for coursework at accredited universities as part of the Next Mile education program, which already offers access to
more than 2,000 academic programs and up to $5,250 in annual tuition coverage.
Supporting communities and protecting the environment
Amazon believes that success and scale bring broad responsibility to help the planet, future generations, and communities.
Amazon employees have passion for investing in these areas, and a sampling of the efforts from this past quarter are that
Amazon:
•
Supporting humanitarian aid efforts amid the Israel-Hamas war. Amazon is focused on ensuring that employees in the
area are safe and have access to resources such as My HR Live Support, where employees can discuss their specific
situations with advisers, and the Employee Assistance Program, which provides resources to support employees and
their families. Amazon's disaster relief team has been in close contact with international humanitarian relief partners
and is making financial contributions to these organizations. Amazon is making it easy for employees to contribute to
them through Amazon GIVEhub, an internal tool to support volunteerism, donations, and community engagement.
Activated Amazon's disaster relief teams to provide support in response to the Maui wildfires, Hurricane Idalia in
Florida, and the earthquake in Morocco. Amazon mobilized its global logistics infrastructure and inventory, and
quickly donated more than 300,000 relief items. Additionally, AWS helped set up temporary communications
infrastructure to provide internet and phone connectivity in Maui in collaboration with the Information Technology
Disaster Resource Center, and funded mappers to assess the earthquake-affected areas in Morocco.
Committed to promoting the safe, secure, and transparent development of AI technology in collaboration with the
White House, policymakers, technology organizations, and the AI community. The commitment builds on Amazon's
approach to responsible AI development and lays the groundwork for enhancing the benefits of AI and minimizing its
risks.
