•
•
Published the company's latest Economic Impact Study, which estimates that Amazon generated more than $240
billion in investment in the U.S. in 2022 and supported more than 2 million indirect jobs across industries such as
logistics, construction, hospitality, and professional services, among others.
Announced a $40 million program to help moderate-income residents in Amazon's hometown communities become
homeowners. As part of the Amazon Housing Equity Fund, this is the first program aimed at homeownership—helping
members in these communities purchase homes and build generational wealth.
Celebrated its annual Global Month of Volunteering in September, when tens of thousands of Amazon employees in
more than 50 countries volunteered with over 400 community organizations around the world.
Announced that 90% of electricity consumed by Amazon in 2022 was powered by renewable energy sources―up
from 85% in 2021. From 2014 through 2022, Amazon's wind and solar farms helped generate $12.6 billion in
investments for communities around the world, and contributed more than $5.4 billion in global gross domestic
product (GDP). Amazon now has more than 400 wind and solar projects globally.
Announced that the company will require suppliers to share their carbon emissions data with Amazon and set carbon
goals beginning in 2024, and that Amazon will provide tools and resources to help suppliers reach their goals. Amazon
also announced the Sustainability Solutions Hub, a new resource to help independent sellers in France, Germany, Italy,
Spain, UK, and U.S. with product and packaging sustainability efforts.
Invested in direct air capture, a technology that chemically scrubs carbon dioxide from the air before storing it deep
underground or in applications like building materials and low-carbon fuels, from 1PointFive and CarbonCapture Inc.
Announced that in 2022 Amazon decreased single-use plastic by 11.6% across its global operations by expanding
paper-based packaging, continuing to use lighter and more flexible packaging, and eliminating packaging altogether
where possible.
Financial Guidance
The following forward-looking statements reflect Amazon.com's expectations as of October 26, 2023, and are subject to
substantial uncertainty. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, such as
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic and geopolitical conditions and customer demand and
spending (including the impact of recessionary fears), inflation, interest rates, regional labor market constraints, world events,
the rate of growth of the Internet, online commerce, cloud services, and new and emerging technologies, and the various factors
detailed below.
Fourth Quarter 2023 Guidance
•
•
Net sales are expected to be between $160.0 billion and $167.0 billion, or to grow between 7% and 12% compared
with fourth quarter 2022. This guidance anticipates a favorable impact of approximately 40 basis points from foreign
exchange rates.
Operating income is expected to be between $7.0 billion and $11.0 billion, compared with $2.7 billion in fourth
quarter 2022.
This guidance assumes, among other things, that no additional business acquisitions, restructurings, or legal
settlements are concluded.
A conference call will be webcast live today at 2:30 p.m. PT/5:30 p.m. ET, and will be available for at least three months at
amazon.com/ir. This call will contain forward-looking statements and other material information regarding the Company's
financial and operating results.
These forward-looking statements are inherently difficult to predict. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially for a
variety of reasons, including, in addition to the factors discussed above, the amount that Amazon.com invests in new business
opportunities and the timing of those investments, the mix of products and services sold to customers, the mix of net sales
derived from products as compared with services, the extent to which we owe income or other taxes, competition, management
of growth, potential fluctuations in operating results, international growth and expansion, the outcomes of claims, litigation,
government investigations, and other proceedings, fulfillment, sortation, delivery, and data center optimization, risks of
inventory management, variability in demand, the degree to which the Company enters into, maintains, and develops
commercial agreements, proposed and completed acquisitions and strategic transactions, payments risks, and risks of
fulfillment throughput and productivity. Other risks and uncertainties include, among others, risks related to new products,
services, and technologies, system interruptions, government regulation and taxation, and fraud. In addition, global economic
and geopolitical conditions and additional or unforeseen circumstances, developments, or events may give rise to or amplify
many of these risks. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in
