"We had a strong third quarter as our cost to serve and speed of delivery in our Stores business took another step forward, our
AWS growth continued to stabilize, our Advertising revenue grew robustly, and overall operating income and free cash flow
rose significantly,” said Andy Jassy, Amazon CEO. “The benefits of moving from a single national fulfillment network in the
U.S. to eight distinct regions are exceeding our optimistic expectations, and perhaps most importantly, putting us on pace to
deliver the fastest delivery speeds for Prime customers in our 29-year history. The AWS team continues to innovate and deliver
at a rapid clip, particularly in generative AI, where the combination of our custom AI chips, Amazon Bedrock being the easiest
and most flexible way to build and deploy generative AI applications, and our coding companion (CodeWhisperer) allowing
enterprises to have the equivalent of an experienced engineer who understands all of their proprietary code is driving
momentum with customers, including adidas, Booking.com, GoDaddy, LexisNexis, Merck, Royal Philips, and United Airlines,
all of whom are starting to run generative AI workloads on AWS. Between AWS re:Invent and our 29th holiday shopping
season, this is a particularly action-packed time of year at Amazon and we're excited for what's to come."
Highlights
Obsessing over the customer experience
Amazon obsesses over how to make customers' lives better and easier every day with new and improved products and services.
This is true for consumers, sellers, brands, developers, enterprises, and creators. For example, Amazon:
•
•
•
•
Sold hundreds of millions of items worldwide during Prime Big Deal Days, Amazon's largest two-day October
holiday kick-off event ever. Prime members across 19 countries saved more than $1 billion on millions of deals. On
the first day of the event, U.S. Prime members purchased more than 25 million items with Same-Day or Next-Day
Delivery, with hundreds of thousands of items delivered within four hours of purchase.
Announced new Buy with Prime features to help merchants grow their businesses on their own websites, such as the
ability to integrate Buy with Prime with Shopify. The Buy with Prime app for Shopify will make it easier for Shopify
merchants to manage their businesses, with inventory, pricing, and promotions automatically synced in one place. In
addition, Buy with Prime Assist enables merchants to offer 24/7 post-order customer service support at no additional
cost, and the Buy with Prime cart feature allows customers to purchase multiple Buy with Prime products in one
transaction from a single merchant.
Announced new offerings to help customers get and stay healthy, including an expanded Amazon Clinic virtual health
care marketplace now available across the U.S. to provide care for more than 35 conditions, and 60-minute delivery of
medications through Amazon Pharmacy using Prime Air drones in College Station, Texas. Additionally, Amazon
Pharmacy partnered with Blue Shield of California on a first-of-its-kind model to provide more affordable pharmacy
care to its members, where Amazon Pharmacy will offer fast, free home delivery of prescription medications to more
than 4.8 million Blue Shield of California members, starting in 2025.
Partnered with BuzzFeed, Hearst Newspapers, Pinterest, Raptive, and Ziff Davis brands like Lifehacker and Mashable,
among others, to display sponsored product ads on their apps and websites for products sold in Amazon's U.S. store.
These third-party ad partnerships will make it easier for customers to move from inspiration to buying in one or two
clicks.
Attracted 15.1 million viewers for the Thursday Night Football (TNF) season opener, Prime Video's most watched
TNF game ever, according to Nielsen. Through the first six games, TNF averaged 12.9 million viewers, an increase of
25% from last season's six-game average, according to Nielsen. Season to date, the median age for TNF viewers is 47,
which is seven years younger than the median age watching the NFL on linear networks.
Debuted the second season of Amazon Original series The Summer I Turned Pretty, which had double the global
audience in the first three days compared to Season One. In addition, for the first seven weeks after its debut, it was the
most viewed series on Prime Video in over 100 countries.
Released Amazon Original films and series A Million Miles Away, the real-life story of NASA flight engineer José
Hernández, Red, White & Royal Blue, the romantic comedy based on Casey McQuiston's New York Times best-selling
novel; The Burial, a true story exposing corporate corruption and racial injustice, starring Jamie Foxx and Tommy Lee
Jones; Sitting in Bars with Cake, the story of baking and best friends; and Gen V, an expansion of The Boys Universe.
Amazon also premiered the second seasons of the hit young-adult drama The Summer I Turned Pretty and the fantasy
series The Wheel of Time, and rebooted the globally beloved soap opera Neighbours.
Premiered new films from Amazon MGM Studios, including American Fiction, which won the People's Choice
Award at the Toronto International Film Festival. The film will begin its theatrical release in December. Amazon
MGM Studios also released the indie film Bottoms, which opened in select U.S. markets on August 25.
