information. The session may be accessed at http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/investor. The webcast will
be available for replay through the close of business on April 27, 2022.
Non-GAAP Definition
The India Supreme Court Decision Impact. In March 2021, the India Supreme Court issued a decision on
withholding taxes in the case of Engineering Analysis Centre of Excellence Private Limited vs The
Commissioner of Income Tax. The decision involves appeals filed by 86 individual companies operating in
India, some dating back to 2012. Microsoft was not a party to any of the appeals but is impacted by the
decision.
Microsoft has historically paid India withholding taxes on software sales through distributor withholding
and tax audit assessments in India. The India Supreme Court ruled favorably for the companies in the 86
separate appeals, holding that software sales are not subject to India withholding taxes. Although
Microsoft was not a party to the appeals, Microsoft's software sales in India were determined to be not
subject to withholding taxes. Therefore, Microsoft recorded a net income tax benefit of $620 million in the
third quarter of fiscal year 2021 to reflect the results of the India Supreme Court decision impacting fiscal
year 1996 through fiscal year 2016.
Microsoft has provided non-GAAP financial measures related to the India Supreme Court decision to aid
investors in better understanding our performance. Microsoft believes these non-GAAP measures assist
investors by providing additional insight into its operational performance and help clarify trends affecting
its business. For comparability of reporting, management considers non-GAAP measures in conjunction
with GAAP financial results in evaluating business performance. The non-GAAP financial measures
presented in this release should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, the measures of
financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Constant Currency
Microsoft presents constant currency information to provide a framework for assessing how our
underlying businesses performed excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. To present this
information, current and comparative prior period results for entities reporting in currencies other than
United States dollars are converted into United States dollars using the average exchange rates from the
comparative period rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods. All
growth comparisons relate to the corresponding period in the last fiscal year. Microsoft has provided this
non-GAAP financial information to aid investors in better understanding our performance. The non-GAAP
financial measures presented in this release should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to,
the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.
