Revenue in Intelligent Cloud was $15.1 billion and increased 23% (up 20% in constant currency), with the
following business highlights:
Server products and cloud services revenue increased 26% (up 23% in constant currency) driven
by Azure revenue growth of 50% (up 46% in constant currency)
Revenue in More Personal Computing was $13.0 billion and increased 19% (up 16% in constant currency),
with the following business highlights:
•
Windows OEM revenue increased 10%
Windows Commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 10% (up 7% in constant
currency)
Xbox content and services revenue increased 34% (up 32% in constant currency)
Search advertising revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs increased 17% (up 14% in constant
currency)
• Surface revenue increased 12% (up 7% in constant currency)
Microsoft returned $10.0 billion to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends in the
third quarter of fiscal year 2021, an increase of 1% compared to the third quarter of fiscal year 2020.
Business Outlook
Microsoft will provide forward-looking guidance in connection with this quarterly earnings announcement
on its earnings conference call and webcast.
Quarterly Highlights, Product Releases, and Enhancements
Every quarter Microsoft delivers hundreds of products, either as new releases, services, or enhancements
to current products and services. These releases are a result of significant research and development
investments, made over multiple years, designed to help customers be more productive and secure and
to deliver differentiated value across the cloud and the edge.
Here are the major product releases and other highlights for the quarter, organized by product categories,
to help illustrate how we are accelerating innovation across our businesses while expanding our market
opportunities.
Responding to COVID-19
At Microsoft, our focus remains on ensuring the safety of our employees, striving to protect the health
and well-being of the communities in which we operate, and providing technology and resources to our
customers and partners to help them do their best work while remote. Additional information about
Microsoft's COVID-19 response can be found here.
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
To better execute on Microsoft's mission, we focus our Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
efforts where we can have the most positive impact. To learn more about our latest initiatives and
priorities, please visit our investor relations ESG website.
Webcast Details
Satya Nadella, chief executive officer, Amy Hood, executive vice president and chief financial officer, Alice
Jolla, chief accounting officer, Keith Dolliver, deputy general counsel, and Brett Iversen, general manager
of investor relations, will host a conference call and webcast at 2:30 p.m. Pacific time (5:30 p.m. Eastern
time) today to discuss details of the company's performance for the quarter and certain forward-looking
