MICROSOFT CORPORATION
FOURTH QUARTER FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
All growth comparisons relate to the corresponding period in the last fiscal year.
SUMMARY
Revenue increased $4.3 billion or 8% driven by growth in Intelligent Cloud and Productivity and Business
Processes, offset in part by a decline in More Personal Computing. Intelligent Cloud revenue increased
driven by Azure and other cloud services. Productivity and Business Processes revenue increased driven by
Office 365 Commercial. More Personal Computing revenue decreased driven by Devices and Windows,
offset in part by Search and news advertising.
Cost of revenue increased $366 million or 2% driven by growth in Microsoft Cloud, offset in part by a
reduction in depreciation expense due to the change in accounting estimate for the useful lives of our
server and network equipment and a decline in Devices.
Gross margin increased $4.0 billion or 11% driven by growth in Intelligent Cloud and Productivity and
Business Processes and the change in accounting estimate.
Gross margin percentage increased. Excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate,
gross margin percentage increased slightly driven by improvements in Productivity and Business
Processes and sales mix shift, offset in part by declines in Intelligent Cloud.
Microsoft Cloud gross margin percentage increased 3 points to 72%. Excluding the impact of the
change in accounting estimate, Microsoft Cloud gross margin percentage increased slightly
driven by improvement in Office 365 Commercial, offset in part by lower Azure and other cloud
services margin.
Operating expenses increased $238 million or 2% driven by a charge related to a non-public preliminary
draft decision provided by the Irish Data Protection Commission (the "IDPC matter").
Operating income increased $3.7 billion or 18% driven by growth in Productivity and Business Processes
and Intelligent Cloud and the change in accounting estimate.
Revenue, gross margin, and operating income included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 2%, 2%,
and 3%, respectively.
