Business Outlook
Microsoft will provide forward-looking guidance in connection with this quarterly earnings announcement
on its earnings conference call and webcast.
Quarterly Highlights, Product Releases, and Enhancements
Every quarter Microsoft delivers hundreds of products, either as new releases, services, or enhancements
to current products and services. These releases are a result of significant research and development
investments, made over multiple years, designed to help customers be more productive and secure and
to deliver differentiated value across the cloud and the edge.
Here are the major product releases and other highlights for the quarter, organized by product categories,
to help illustrate how we are accelerating innovation across our businesses while expanding our market
opportunities.
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
To better execute on Microsoft's mission, we focus our Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
efforts where we can have the most positive impact. To learn more about our latest initiatives and
priorities, please visit our investor relations ESG website.
Webcast Details
Satya Nadella, chairman and chief executive officer, Amy Hood, executive vice president and chief financial
officer, Alice Jolla, chief accounting officer, Keith Dolliver, deputy general counsel, and Brett Iversen, vice
president of investor relations, will host a conference call and webcast at 2:30 p.m. Pacific time (5:30 p.m.
Eastern time) today to discuss details of the company's performance for the quarter and certain forward-
looking information. The session may be accessed at http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/investor. The
webcast will be available for replay through the close of business on July 25, 2024.
Non-GAAP Definition
Q2 charge. In the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, Microsoft recorded costs related to decisions
announced on January 18th, 2023, including employee severance expenses of $800 million, impairment
charges resulting from changes to our hardware portfolio, and costs related to lease consolidation
activities.
Transfer of Intangible Properties. In the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, Microsoft transferred certain
intangible properties from our Puerto Rico subsidiary to the United States. The transfer of intangible
properties resulted in a net tax benefit of $3.3 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2022, as the value of
future United States tax deductions exceeds the current tax liability from the United States Global
Intangible Low-Taxed Income tax.
Microsoft has provided non-GAAP financial measures related to the Q2 charge and the transfer of
intangible properties to aid investors in better understanding our performance. Microsoft believes these
