=== START PAGE CONTENT ===
•
•
•
•
large machine learning models that generative AI relies on) from AI startups like AI21 Labs, Anthropic, and
Stability AI, as well as exclusive access to the Titan family of foundation models developed by AWS. Broad
access to models gives customers flexibility and choice to customize and scale to their specific needs.
Two next-generation compute offerings to deliver the lowest cost for training models and running inference in
the cloud: the general availability of instances powered by AWS-designed Inferentia2 chips, AWS's second-
generation accelerator, purpose-built for deep learning inference, as well as the general availability of
network-optimized Trn1n instances for large, network-intensive models. Compared to other EC2 instances,
Inferentia2 provides up to 40% better inference price performance, and Trainium delivers up to 50% savings
on training costs.
General availability of Amazon CodeWhisperer, an AI coding companion that improves developer
productivity by generating code suggestions in real time. Amazon CodeWhisperer is free for individual
developers. CodeWhisperer is the most accurate, fastest, and most secure way to generate code for AWS
services, including Amazon EC2, AWS Lambda, and Amazon S3. During a productivity challenge,
participants who used CodeWhisperer completed tasks 57% faster (on average) and were 27% more likely to
complete them successfully than those who didn't use CodeWhisperer.
Received Zoox's driverless testing permit from the California Department of Motor Vehicles, marking a key step to
commercializing the self-driving robotaxi for the general public. With this permit, Zoox completed an initial run of its
shuttle service for employees at its headquarters in Foster City, California, making it the first purpose-built robotaxi to
operate on public roads in California.
Expanded the Ring lineup with new devices. Ring Battery Doorbell Plus offers improved HD video and energy-saving
features, and Ring Peephole Cam is an apartment and renter-friendly video doorbell that easily installs over an existing
door peephole.
Expanded the Amazon-built TV lineup with the Fire TV 2-Series, which makes getting an Alexa-enabled TV more
affordable than ever, and new sizes of the Omni QLED Series. The Omni QLED Series includes features so customers
can see their schedule on the screen, control smart devices, and turn the TV into an in-home art gallery. Amazon has
surpassed 200 million Fire TV devices sold globally. Amazon also launched Amazon-built TVs in Germany, Mexico,
and the UK, and collaborated with Cochlear to help people with hearing loss stream sound from their Amazon smart
TVs directly to their Cochlear hearing implants.
Unveiled three customer terminal designs for Project Kuiper, Amazon's low Earth orbit satellite broadband initiative.
Kuiper's mission is to bridge the digital divide by providing fast, affordable broadband to communities worldwide that
are unserved or underserved by traditional technologies. To use Kuiper's broadband, residential and commercial
customers will install an outdoor antenna, called a customer terminal, to communicate with satellites overhead.
Amazon is preparing to launch two prototype satellites to test the entire end-to-end communications network this year
and plans to be in beta with commercial customers in 2024.
Opened Amazon Sidewalk to developer testing for the first time as part of the company's vision to put a billion
Internet of Things (IoT) devices on the network. Amazon Sidewalk is a low-bandwidth, long-range community
network that connects devices across long distances where Wi-Fi and Bluetooth signals often cannot reach. With
Sidewalk coverage extending to 90% of the U.S. population, developers can now build and connect a new range of
devices for the network.
Launched a loyalty linking capability for Amazon One, Amazon's palm recognition service that lets customers enter,
identify, and pay. Panera is the first restaurant chain to offer the new loyalty linking capability, allowing customers to
easily enroll in and redeem rewards, and pay for their purchases with just their palm.
Empowering employees and delivery service partners
In addition to its focus on customers, Amazon strives to make every day better for its employees and delivery service partners.
For example, in the first quarter, the company:
•
Announced plans to spend $200 million on safety technologies across Amazon's U.S. transportation network in 2023.
These innovations include front-collision warning, lane-departure warning, speed limiters, and 360-degree camera
detection systems. They are part of Amazon's work to ensure that vehicles and delivery partners are safe on the road,
and the innovations are better for the environment.
Announced that Amazon improved recordable incident rates worldwide by 11% from 2021 to 2022 and by almost 24%
from 2019 to 2022. The company shared the data in the second edition of its safety report, Delivered With Care, which
details how Amazon is advancing safety across its operations through investments in capital improvements, safety

=== END PAGE CONTENT ===
