=== START PAGE CONTENT ===
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
AWS Cloud WAN, a managed wide area network service that makes it faster and easier for enterprises to
build, manage, and monitor a unified global network that seamlessly connects cloud and on-premises
environments.
AWS IoT TwinMaker, which makes it faster and easier for developers to create digital twins of real-world
systems like buildings, factories, industrial equipment, and production lines.
AWS IoT FleetWise, which makes it easier and more cost-effective for automakers to collect, transform, and
transfer vehicle data to the cloud in near-real time.
New serverless options for Amazon Redshift, Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka, and Amazon
EMR that make it easier to analyze data at any scale without having to configure, scale, or manage the
underlying infrastructure.
AWS Amplify Studio, a visual development environment that allows developers to create web application
user interfaces with minimal coding.
Four new storage services and capabilities for Amazon S3 Glacier, Amazon FSx, Amazon EBS Snapshots,
and AWS Backup that deliver more choice, reduce costs, and help customers better protect their data.
New capabilities for Amazon Relational Database Services, Amazon DynamoDB, and Amazon DevOps Guru
that make it easier and more cost efficient for customers to customize their database environment, run the
right databases for their job, and use machine learning to better detect and diagnose database-related
performance issues.
AWS announced the general availability of Babelfish for Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL-Compatible Edition, a new
capability that allows customers to run applications written for Microsoft SQL Server directly in Amazon Aurora with
little to no code changes.
AWS announced the general availability of Amazon EC2 Hpc6a instances, a new instance type that is purpose-built
for high-performance computing workloads, like genomics, computational fluid dynamics, weather forecasting,
molecular dynamics, computational chemistry, financial risk modeling, computer-aided engineering, and seismic
imaging.
AWS continued to expand its infrastructure footprint around the world, opening the AWS Asia Pacific (Jakarta)
Region and announcing plans to launch the AWS Canada West (Calgary) Region in late 2023 or early 2024. Newly
released AWS economic impact studies estimate that the AWS Asia Pacific (Jakarta) Region will create 24,700 direct
and indirect jobs through a planned investment of $5 billion (IDR$71 trillion) in Indonesia over the next 15 years, and
AWS will invest over $17 billion (CA$21 billion) in Canada by 2037 on the construction and operation of its two
Canadian infrastructure Regions. Globally, AWS has 84 Availability Zones across 26 geographic Regions, with
announced plans to launch 24 more Availability Zones and eight more AWS Regions.
Investing in Employees and Our Workplace
•
Amazon now employs more than 1.6 million people worldwide and continues to invest in offering industry-leading
pay and benefits. This includes an average starting wage for front-line employees of more than $18 per hour in the
U.S. and comprehensive benefits for full-time employees. These benefits include health, vision, and dental insurance; a
401(k) with 50% company match; up to 20 weeks paid parental leave; and Amazon's Career Choice program, through
which the company fully funds the cost of an employee's college tuition, including classes, books, and fees. Amazon
also expanded its incentives for front-line employees to get vaccinated against COVID-19 to include $40 for boosters.
Each front-line employee is eligible to receive up to $120 ($40 per dose), and new hires who join the company fully
vaccinated are given a $100 new-hire bonus.
Amazon launched Make Every Day Better for Employees, a new mechanism to help keep employees up to date on
changes the company is making based on employee feedback. The first employee-prompted updates rolled out by the
company included enhanced mental health and well-being resources, workplace technology improvements, and
support for immigration needs.
Amazon is helping bring more parents back to the workforce through the company's new FamilyFlex program. The
program provides greater flexibility and benefits to eligible hourly employees in the U.S., including scheduling
options, child care resources, and Anytime Pay for employees looking to access their earnings without waiting for
payday.
Amazon launched a new tool, Project Juno, to help military spouses continue their careers at Amazon when their
partners need to move on military orders. Created by military spouses for military spouses, Project Juno helps a
member of Amazon's team find the same job or a similar role near their new home within 48 hours.

=== END PAGE CONTENT ===
