"There's a lot to like about how our teams are delivering for customers, particularly amidst an uncertain economy," said Andy
Jassy, Amazon CEO. “Our Stores business is continuing to improve the cost to serve in our fulfillment network while
increasing the speed with which we get products into the hands of customers (we expect to have our fastest Prime delivery
speeds ever in 2023). Our Advertising business continues to deliver robust growth, largely due to our ongoing machine learning
investments that help customers see relevant information when they engage with us, which in turn delivers unusually strong
results for brands. And, while our AWS business navigates companies spending more cautiously in this macro environment, we
continue to prioritize building long-term customer relationships both by helping customers save money and enabling them to
more easily leverage technologies like Large Language Models and Generative AI with our uniquely cost-effective machine
learning chips ("“Trainium” and “Inferentia”), managed Large Language Models (“Bedrock"), and AI code companion
Code Whisperer. We like the fundamentals we're seeing in AWS, and believe there's much growth ahead."
Highlights
Obsessing over the customer experience
Amazon obsesses over how to make customers' lives better and easier every day. This is true for consumers, sellers, brands,
developers, enterprises, and creators. For example, in the past quarter, Amazon:
•
•
•
•
Continued to delight customers with convenient delivery options and broad selection. Nearly 26 million customers
ordered items with Same-Day Delivery in the quarter, an increase of 50% compared to last year.
Increased selection in its U.S. online store with the addition of new marquee beauty, home, and fashion brands,
including Lancôme, Shiseido, World of Martha by Martha Stewart, Rent the Runway, KNOW Beauty by Vanessa
Hudgens, as well as new The Drop collections from Harlem Fashion Row and Coco & Breezy. The Drop offers
customers access to limited-edition, made-on-demand clothing collections by fashion influencers.
Launched a new Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) capacity management system to help sellers who use Amazon's
storage, packing, and shipping fulfillment service to manage their inventory and capacity more efficiently as they scale
their businesses. The management system provides sellers with more insight, predictability, visibility, and control to
better plan and manage their inventory and supply chains, as well as increase capacity limits when needed.
Released the third annual Brand Protection Report highlighting the company's efforts to protect customers, brands, and
selling partners from counterfeit products in 2022. The efforts resulted in more seized products, criminal referrals, and
industry partnerships than ever before. The report demonstrates how Amazon is stopping bad actors and making an
impact beyond Amazon's store, including by identifying, seizing, and appropriately disposing of more than 6 million
counterfeit products, preventing them from reaching customers and being resold elsewhere in the global supply chain.
Launched Reviews from Amazon, a new capability that enables Buy with Prime merchants to display customer ratings
and reviews from Amazon.com within their own online stores at no additional cost. Nearly 20% of Buy with Prime
merchants are already using this feature, and the early feedback is that it's helping merchants drive higher shopper
conversion.
Acquired One Medical, a primary care organization offering both 24/7 virtual care services and in-office visits across
the U.S. for preventive and everyday health, chronic care management, pediatric care, and mental health services. For
a limited time, One Medical is offering annual memberships to new customers at the discounted price of $144 for the
first year (regularly $199/year), the equivalent of $12] per month.
Announced that Prime Video will exclusively present the first-ever “Black Friday" National Football League game on
November 24. The game will be available for all fans to stream for free in the U.S. without a Prime membership.
Set box-office records with MGM's premiere of Creed III, directed by and starring Michael B. Jordan. The movie
grossed $100.4 million globally in its opening weekend—the best U.S. debut for any sports film in history. It also had
the biggest global box office gross of any of the Creed titles, at over $250 million to date, and is still opening in
territories around the world. In addition, filmmaker Sarah Polley won the Academy Award for Best Adapted
Screenplay for MGM's Women Talking.
Premiered Amazon Original limited series Daisy Jones & The Six, based on the New York Times best-selling novel,
which debuted at No. 1 on Prime Video globally. Within 24 hours of release, the show's soundtrack was the No. 1
selling vinyl on Amazon, and the novel the series is based on also reached No. 1 on the Amazon Best Sellers List for
all books. The company debuted additional Amazon Original films and series, including action comedy Shotgun
Wedding, starring Jennifer Lopez and Josh Duhamel; romantic comedy Somebody I Used to Know, directed by Dave
Franco; comedic thriller The Consultant, starring Christoph Waltz; and Swarm, from co-creator and executive
producer Donald Glover.
