•
technology, vehicle safety controls, and engineered ergonomic solutions to reduce risks for employees, partners, and
communities.
Reached 1 billion packages handled by Robin, a robotic system used across Amazon's operations network in the U.S.,
Canada, and Europe. Robin robotic systems use artificial intelligence, computer vision, and machine learning to help
employees handle and sort customer packages before shipment. For employees, this reduces the number of repetitive
tasks, improving safety and helping them focus their time and energy on activities that make better use of their talents.
Ranked No. 2 on Fortune magazine's World's Most Admired Companies list for the seventh year in a row. The annual
ranking is determined by a survey of top executives and analysts, and companies are evaluated on factors including the
quality of their management and products, commitments to social responsibility, and ability to attract talent.
Introduced Leadership Liftoff, an onboarding program for operations area managers. New managers enrolled in the
program participate in group sessions, on-the-job training, and self-paced learning to help them gain skills and
confidence to lead successful teams and foster connections between new leaders.
Supporting communities and protecting the environment
Amazon believes that success and scale bring broad responsibility to help the planet, future generations, and local communities
in which the company has a significant presence. Amazon employees have passion for investing in these areas, and a sampling
of the efforts from this past quarter are that Amazon:
•
•
•
Activated the company's global logistics network to support communities impacted by earthquakes in Türkiye and
Syria. The company turned its fulfillment center in Istanbul into a Disaster Relief Hub and partnered with local
organizations to ship hundreds of thousands of relief items to affected regions. Amazon also made cash donations to
non-governmental organizations and set up donation campaigns across 16 Amazon online stores globally to make it
easy for customers to support communities impacted by these earthquakes.
Set a record in 2022 for the most renewable energy purchased by a single company in one year. Amazon's renewable
energy portfolio now includes 164 wind and solar farms and 237 rooftop solar projects in 22 countries, totaling over 20
gigawatts an amount of energy that could power 5.3 million U.S. homes. Amazon has been the largest corporate
buyer of renewable energy for three years running.
Expanded the use of electric delivery vehicles from Rivian, as part of the company's commitment to dramatically
reduce its carbon emissions. These custom vans from Rivian have now been used to deliver more than 75 million
packages in 500 U.S. cities and regions. Amazon began rolling out its electric delivery vans in the summer of 2022 and
now has thousands on the road.
Announced over $22 million in low-rate loans and grants to help build affordable homes in Washington, D.C., and
Capitol Heights, Maryland. Since creating the Housing Equity Fund in 2021, Amazon has committed nearly $1.6
billion to help create or preserve affordable homes across Amazon's hometown communities.
Announced funding for 8,000 U.S. schools to provide access to computer science education to more than 2 million
students by the end of the 2022-2023 academic year through Amazon Future Engineer. By providing professional
development for teachers, curriculum development, college scholarships, and internships, Amazon aims to inspire
millions of students from underserved and historically underrepresented communities to pursue careers in science,
technology, engineering, and math (STEM).
Launched the Zero Emission Maritime Buyers Alliance (ZEMBA) in partnership with the Aspen Institute, Patagonia,
and Tchibo. ZEMBA will work to reduce the climate impact of maritime shipping by helping to create sustainable
economic models in renewable energy, zero-emission fuel production, infrastructure, and clean maritime services.
Announced that the Right Now Climate Fund is developing the world's first commercial-scale seaweed farm located
between offshore wind turbines in the North Sea to help address climate change by absorbing carbon dioxide as it
grows. The Fund is also helping to create and restore ecosystems for plants and animals as part of its commitment to
boost biodiversity and currently supports 22 rewilding initiatives in London.
Financial Guidance
The following forward-looking statements reflect Amazon.com's expectations as of April 27, 2023, and are subject to
substantial uncertainty. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, such as
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic and geopolitical conditions and customer demand and
spending (including the impact of recessionary fears), inflation, interest rates, regional labor market constraints, world events,
the rate of growth of the Internet, online commerce, and cloud services, and the various factors detailed below.
