Microsoft returned $9.1 billion to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends in the first
quarter of fiscal year 2024.
Business Outlook
Microsoft will provide forward-looking guidance in connection with this quarterly earnings announcement
on its earnings conference call and webcast.
Quarterly Highlights, Product Releases, and Enhancements
Every quarter Microsoft delivers hundreds of products, either as new releases, services, or enhancements
to current products and services. These releases are a result of significant research and development
investments, made over multiple years, designed to help customers be more productive and secure and
to deliver differentiated value across the cloud and the edge.
Here are the major product releases and other highlights for the quarter, organized by product categories,
to help illustrate how we are accelerating innovation across our businesses while expanding our market
opportunities.
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
To better execute on Microsoft's mission, we focus our Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
efforts where we can have the most positive impact. To learn more about our latest initiatives and
priorities, please visit our investor relations ESG website.
Webcast Details
Satya Nadella, chairman and chief executive officer, Amy Hood, executive vice president and chief financial
officer, Alice Jolla, chief accounting officer, Keith Dolliver, corporate secretary and deputy general counsel,
and Brett Iversen, vice president of investor relations, will host a conference call and webcast at 2:30 p.m.
Pacific time (5:30 p.m. Eastern time) today to discuss details of the company's performance for the quarter
and certain forward-looking information. The session may be accessed at http://www.microsoft.com/en-
us/investor. The webcast will be available for replay through the close of business on October 24, 2024.
Constant Currency
Microsoft presents constant currency information to provide a framework for assessing how our
underlying businesses performed excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. To present this
information, current and comparative prior period results for entities reporting in currencies other than
United States dollars are converted into United States dollars using the average exchange rates from the
comparative period rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods. All
growth comparisons relate to the corresponding period in the last fiscal year. Microsoft has provided this
non-GAAP financial information to aid investors in better understanding our performance. The non-GAAP
financial measures presented in this release should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to,
the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.
