•
Amazon announced three new expansions to the Halo family: Halo View, a health tracker with a color display for at-a-
glance access to Halo health metrics; Halo Fitness, a service that gives members hundreds of studio-quality workout
classes integrated with access to real-time individual health metrics as an on-display overlay; and Halo Nutrition, a
membership experience to help build healthy eating habits.
Amazon and Disney announced ‘Hey, Disney!', an entirely new kind of voice assistant that will work on supported
Echo devices at home and across Disney Resort hotel rooms at Walt Disney World. By saying ‘Hey, Disney!', users
get access to interactive Disney storytelling experiences and entertainment, as well as jokes, fun facts, and special
surprises featuring characters from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, and Star Wars. It will even make everyday tasks more
magical, such as setting timers and alarms, and checking the weather or time of day. ‘Hey, Disney!' is expected to be
available for purchase in the U.S. in 2022 in the Alexa Skills Store for use on all supported Echo devices, and will be
available complimentary for Disney Resort guests at Walt Disney World.
Ring and Blink introduced new home security devices and services with the Ring Alarm Pro, Virtual Security Guard,
and Blink Video Doorbell. Ring Alarm Pro is a first-of-its-kind home security system that combines protection against
break-ins, floods, fires, and network threats with a built-in eero Wi-Fi 6 router for connectivity. Virtual Security Guard
is a new subscription service where third-party professional monitoring companies will visually monitor outdoor Ring
cameras. The Blink Video Doorbell can be installed wired or wire-free and has a long-lasting battery life, 1080p HD
day-and-night video, two-way audio, chime alerts via the Blink app when the doorbell rings, and the ability to connect
the doorbell to your existing chime.
Amazon announced the next generation of Kindle Paperwhite with three new models. The new Kindle Paperwhite
comes with a larger display, adjustable warm light, USB-C charging, and increased battery life. The new Signature
Edition adds an auto-adjusting light sensor, 32GB of storage, and is the first-ever Kindle to offer wireless charging.
The new Kindle Paperwhite Kids comes with one year of Amazon Kids+, a kid-friendly case, and a two-year worry-
free guarantee.
Amazon introduced its AZ2 Neural Edge processor, a machine learning inference engine capable of processing speech
recognition on-device, while processing computer vision workloads in parallel. Featured in the Echo Show 15, AZ2
enables the device to recognize a person enrolled in visual ID and then process their voice right on the device.
Amazon Web Services
•
AWS announced significant customer momentum, with new commitments and migrations from customers across
major industries.
•
•
•
•
Manufacturing: NXP, a leading European designer and manufacturer of specialized semiconductors, selected
AWS as its preferred cloud provider. NXP is migrating the vast majority of its electronic design automation
workloads from NXP data centers to AWS. Leaders across the automotive industry, including Capgemini
Engineering, CARIAD, and Continental, joined AWS in a special interest group supporting Arm's Scalable
Open Architecture for Embedded Edge to bring cloud-native practices and software-defined architectures to
the automotive industry.
Hospitality and ecommerce: Wyndham Hotels & Resorts, Inc., the world's largest hotel franchising
company, selected AWS to upgrade its technology infrastructure and develop and deliver new guest services
across its 21 hotel brands—including Ramada, Travelodge, and Wyndham. VTEX, a global ecommerce
solution provider, is working with AWS to create a new direct-to-consumer solution that gives large
enterprises the ability to quickly and easily launch ecommerce sites and experiences to sell directly to
consumers.
Telecom: Boingo Wireless, a leading distributed antenna system, Wi-Fi, and private network provider,
announced an expanded collaboration with AWS to enable airports, stadiums, and large businesses to unlock
new 5G use cases with advanced multi-access edge computing.
Financial services: Sun Life, an international financial services and insurance company, selected AWS as its
long-term strategic cloud technology provider. Black Knight, a software, data, and analytics provider to the
mortgage, real estate, and capital markets verticals, selected AWS to develop mortgage-specific AI
applications.
Healthcare and life sciences: Baxter International Inc., a global medical products company, is moving from
its own data centers into AWS and has already seen benefits, including increased speed to market for new
tools and solutions, the ability to quickly expand technology solutions to new geographies, and significant
cost savings.
