•
Twitch, New World became the most-watched game during its launch week by hours watched, and the 12th highest-
watched game ever by peak concurrent viewers.
Prime Video released the Amazon Original movie Cinderella, starring Camila Cabello, which was the No. 1 streamed
movie across all films on streaming platforms during its opening weekend and the No. 1 streamed musical of the year.
Prime Video announced that The Lord of the Rings series will premiere September 2, 2022 on the streaming service,
and an untitled spinoff will be produced for the popular series The Boys. In the fourth quarter, Amazon Original
Movies The Tender Bar, starring Ben Affleck and directed by George Clooney, and Being the Ricardos, starring
Nicole Kidman and directed by Aaron Sorkin, will release in theaters and follow on Prime Video.
Prime Video debuted 28 local originals internationally, including in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, France,
Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Spain, and the UK. Prime Video also launched Prime Video Channels for
customers in India, giving Prime members the option for add-on subscriptions of popular over-the-top services, and the
Prime Video Store in Brazil, giving customers the opportunity to rent or buy new movie releases.
Prime Video streamed its first-ever Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) Champions League soccer
matches in Germany and Italy, and the first Ligue 1 soccer matches in France. In the UK, the U.S. Open final featuring
18-year-old rising star Emma Raducanu was the most-streamed tennis match in Prime Video history, following the
historic partnership with Channel 4 to share live broadcast rights. Prime Video's presentation of Thursday Night
Football kicked off and introduced player tracking, a new feature driven by artificial intelligence (AI).
In its first global expansion since launching in the U.S. in 2019, IMDb TV launched in the UK to provide free
premium steaming content to customers via Prime Video. The service will soon become available as a standalone app
on Fire TV devices.
Amazon Music launched new original podcasts, including: SmartLess, the celebrity-interview show from hosts Jason
Bateman, Sean Hayes, and Will Arnett, that recently landed on Podtrac's Top 10 most-listened-to shows in the U.S.;
Set It Straight, hosted by country music band Midland and featuring guests such as Garth Brooks, Sheryl Crow, and
Matthew McConaughey; Badlands: Sportslands, the cult-classic from host Jake Brennan; 9/12 from prolific writer and
podcaster Dan Taberski; and Uncommon Ground, hosted by political commentator, author, and lawyer Van Jones.
Wondery, Amazon Music's premium podcast studio, celebrated the return of the fan-favorite podcast Dr. Death
Season 3: Miracle Man, which is now available in eight languages.
Amazon Music announced expanded access to spatial and high-quality audio for all its Unlimited subscribers
worldwide, unlocking the highest-quality streaming audio for even more music fans. Previously available as a separate
streaming tier, this level is now available to all subscribers automatically and without an upgrade.
Amazon Devices and Services
•
•
Amazon introduced the Echo Show 15 with a 15.6-inch, 1080p HD display. It can be mounted to a wall or placed on
the counter and is designed to help customers stay organized, connected, and entertained. The Echo Show 15 features a
redesigned home screen, new personalization options with visual ID, and all-new Alexa experiences like a household
calendar and sticky notes.
Amazon introduced an all-new lineup of Fire TV devices with its first-ever Amazon-built smart TVs—the Amazon
Fire TV Omni Series and 4-Series smart TVs and the all-new Fire TV Stick 4K Max. The Omni Series offers hands-
free Alexa voice control, and both lineups feature 4K UHD resolution. The Fire TV Stick 4K Max is 40% more
powerful than the Fire TV Stick 4K and has a new quad-core 1.8GHz processer, 2GB of RAM, and Wi-Fi 6 support
for faster app starts and smoother streaming.
Amazon announced Astro, a new home robot that brings together advancements in AI, computer vision, sensor
technology, and voice and edge computing to help customers monitor their home, look out for loved ones, and bring
Alexa with them around the house.
Amazon introduced Amazon Glow, an interactive device that combines immersive projection, sensing, and video
technologies to make users feel like they are in the same room. Designed with children and grandparents in mind, the
device allows kids to see loved ones on an 8-inch display while, at the same time, reading stories, playing games, or
creating art on a 19-inch touch-sensitive projected space below. Glow comes with one year of Amazon Kids+,
bringing hundreds of hours of fun designed specifically for Glow.
Amazon announced Alexa Together, a new subscription service designed to help aging family members feel more
comfortable and confident when living independently. Alexa Together includes 24/7 hands-free access to an Urgent
Response emergency helpline, compatibility with third-party fall detection devices, and an optional Remote Assist
feature so caregivers can help without having to be there in person.
