amazon
AMAZON.COM ANNOUNCES THIRD QUARTER RESULTS
SEATTLE (BUSINESS WIRE) October 28, 2021-Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced financial
results for its third quarter ended September 30, 2021.
•
•
•
•
Operating cash flow decreased 1% to $54.7 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with $55.3 billion for the
trailing twelve months ended September 30, 2020.
Free cash flow decreased to $2.6 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with $29.5 billion for the trailing
twelve months ended September 30, 2020.
Free cash flow less principal repayments of finance leases and financing obligations decreased to an outflow of
$8.8 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with an inflow of $18.4 billion for the trailing twelve months
ended September 30, 2020.
Free cash flow less equipment finance leases and principal repayments of all other finance leases and financing
obligations decreased to an outflow of $3.9 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with an inflow of $17.9
billion for the trailing twelve months ended September 30, 2020.
Common shares outstanding plus shares underlying stock-based awards totaled 523 million on September 30,
2021, compared with 518 million one year ago.
Net sales increased 15% to $110.8 billion in the third quarter, compared with $96.1 billion in third quarter 2020.
Excluding the $0.5 billion favorable impact from year-over-year changes in foreign exchange rates throughout the
quarter, net sales increased 15% compared with third quarter 2020.
Operating income decreased to $4.9 billion in the third quarter, compared with $6.2 billion in third quarter 2020.
Net income decreased to $3.2 billion in the third quarter, or $6.12 per diluted share, compared with $6.3 billion, or
$12.37 per diluted share, in third quarter 2020.
"We've always said that when confronted with the choice between optimizing for short-term profits versus what's best for
customers over the long term, we will choose the latter—and you can see that during every phase of this pandemic,” said Andy
Jassy, Amazon CEO. “In the first several months of COVID-19, Amazonians played an essential role to help people secure the
requisite PPE, food, and other in-demand items needed, and we worked closely with businesses and governments to leverage
AWS to maintain business continuity as they responded to the pandemic. Customers have appreciated this commitment, which
is part of what's driving this past quarter's AWS growth acceleration to 39% year over year; but, it's also driven extraordinary
investments across our businesses to satisfy customer needs—just one example is that we've nearly doubled the size of our
fulfillment network since the pandemic began. In the fourth quarter, we expect to incur several billion dollars of additional costs
in our Consumer business as we manage through labor supply shortages, increased wage costs, global supply chain issues, and
increased freight and shipping costs—all while doing whatever it takes to minimize the impact on customers and selling
partners this holiday season. It'll be expensive for us in the short term, but it's the right prioritization for our customers and
partners."
Highlights
Innovating for Our Retail Customers
Amazon kicked off the holidays early this year, announcing Black Friday-worthy deals on October 4, including
thousands of deals from independent sellers and handmade artisans and Amazon's biggest ever selection of gift guides.
Amazon launched new features like the Holiday Gift List to let customers easily create and share one list of gift ideas
