=== START PAGE CONTENT ===
•
•
Amazon opened its first Disaster Relief Hub in an Atlanta fulfillment center to help relief organizations respond more
quickly to natural disasters in the U.S., the Caribbean, and Central America. The hub will store over 500,000 Amazon-
donated relief supplies so they can be rapidly deployed when needed.
Amazon Future Engineer (AFE), the company's computer science education program for students from historically
underserved communities, announced its most recent round of awards in the U.S., including $4 million in college
scholarships and paid internships for 100 students and AFE Teacher of the Year Awards for 10 computer science
educators who promote diversity and inclusion in computer science. Each of the winning teachers received a prize
package to expand computer science and/or robotics education at their respective schools.
Amazon celebrated Asian Pacific American Heritage Month in the U.S. by signing on as a founding partner of The
Asian American Foundation, a new nonprofit dedicated to accelerating opportunity and prosperity for Asian American
Pacific Islander (AAPI) communities. Amazon committed $10 million over five years as part of the AAPI Giving
Pledge.
Ring launched a community program with the nonprofit Strength Based Community Change to improve individual and
family resiliency, and advance community safety. As part of the program, Ring donated 1,000 Ring Video Doorbells,
free installation, and a Ring Protect subscription to eligible residents in Wilmington, California.
Protecting the Planet
•
Shopping
•
•
Amazon announced 14 new renewable energy projects in Canada, Finland, Spain, and the U.S., making Amazon the
largest corporate purchaser of renewable energy in the U.S., Europe, and the world. The new projects bring Amazon's
total renewable energy investments to date to 10 gigawatts of electricity production capacity-enough to power 2.5
million U.S. homes. Amazon has reached 65% renewable energy across its business, up from 42% in 2019—putting
the company on a path to power 100% of company activities with renewable energy by 2025—five years ahead of its
2030 target.
Amazon welcomed Interpublic Group, Iron Mountain, JLL, Klarna, Macquarie Asset Management, and RELX to The
Climate Pledge, joining other Pledge signatories such as PepsiCo, Uber, Microsoft, Unilever, Visa, and Colgate-
Palmolive. From deploying clean energy solutions such as wind and solar, to implementing vehicle electrification and
supporting nature-based climate solutions, the 112 Climate Pledge signatories are working together to significantly
reduce corporate carbon emissions.
Amazon added five new certifications to its Climate Pledge Friendly program to help shoppers find more sustainable
products across grocery, household, and beauty. Amazon customers can now shop for products that are Animal
Welfare Approved, EWG Verified, and Regenerative Organic Certified, as well as for those certified by Higg Index
Materials and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Safer Choice program.
The Climate Pledge Fund invested in BETA Technologies to help accelerate the development of fully electric, zero-
emission aircraft and in ION Energy, a technology platform that leverages intelligent battery analytics to significantly
improve the life and performance of lithium-ion batteries. The Climate Pledge Fund also joined Greentown Labs, the
largest climate tech startup incubator in North America, to further engage with startups and help accelerate the
transition to a low-carbon economy.
As part of its recent debt offering, Amazon issued a $1 billion sustainability bond to further investments in tackling
critical social and environmental issues. The proceeds are being used to fund projects in five areas: renewable energy,
clean transportation, sustainable buildings, affordable housing, and socioeconomic advancement and empowerment.
Prime members in 20 countries shopped more and saved more this Prime Day than any previous Prime Day,
purchasing more than 250 million items. The Fire TV Stick 4K with Alexa Voice Remote was the most popular item
purchased. Prime Day also kicked off the Back-to-School shopping season with members worldwide purchasing more
than 1 million laptops, 1 million headphones, 600,000 backpacks, 240,000 notebooks, 220,000 Crayola products, and
40,000 calculators.
Prime is now available in 22 countries with the addition of Prime in Portugal, which offers members unlimited, free
two-day delivery on millions of products, as well as access to Amazon Prime Video streaming.
Business Prime now serves more than 1 million business customers of all sizes worldwide, including Chevron, Citi,
and the State of Utah. Since launching in 2017, Business Prime has saved members millions of dollars by shipping
over 140 million packages free of charge.

=== END PAGE CONTENT ===
