=== START PAGE CONTENT ===
•
•
•
In the UK, Amazon announced that it is creating more than 10,000 new corporate and operations jobs and investing
£10 million over three years to train up to 5,000 employees in new skills.
Amazon surpassed its commitment to hire 25,000 U.S. veterans and military spouses by 2021 and set a new
commitment to hire an additional 100,000 veterans and military spouses by 2024.
Amazon launched the Amazon Returnship program, a new initiative to help 1,000 experienced corporate professionals
outside of Amazon who have been out of work for an extended period of time return to the workforce, including
people who stopped working due to COVID-19, caregiving responsibilities, or medical circumstances. Amazon offers
participants a paid, 16-week work opportunity with an abbreviated interview process, dedicated support, and
personalized coaching and mentoring—as well as the possibility to transition into a full-time job at Amazon.
Amazon introduced a new mental health benefit for all of its 950,000 U.S. employees, their families, and household
members, which provides free access to personalized support, including one-on-one counseling and 24/7 crisis
support.
For the fourth year in a row, Amazon was included on the Disability Equality Index's Best Places to Work for
Disability Inclusion.
Economic Impact and Small Business Empowerment
•
For the second year in a row, Amazon placed No. 1 on the Progressive Policy Institute's Investment Heroes list, which
ranks U.S. companies' investments in America. According to the study, Amazon invested more in the U.S. than any
other company in 2020; was key to sustaining the economy during the COVID-19 pandemic; and helped drive
economic expansion, wage growth, and job creation across the country.
Amazon launched the Black Business Accelerator, committing $150 million over four years to help Black business
owners and entrepreneurs succeed as third-party selling partners. The program aims to spur growth and advance equity
for Black-owned businesses by providing financial support, education and mentorship, and marketing and promotional
support.
In the two-week lead-up to Prime Day, customers spent $1.9 billion on products from third-party sellers during the
Spend $10, Get $10 promotion-more than double compared to the 2020 Prime Day small business promotion. Prime
Day 2021 was the biggest two-day period ever for small and medium-sized businesses in Amazon's stores worldwide.
Amazon Advertising launched over 40 new features and self-service capabilities, making it easier for sellers,
companies, and authors to grow their businesses by helping customers discover their brands and products. Recent
launches include regional sponsored product campaign creation tools; access to educational, technical, and marketing
resources via the Partner Network; and a simplified creative asset management solution. In addition, Amazon
Advertising expanded the services it offers in Australia, Europe, India, Japan, and Saudi Arabia, creating more
opportunities for local and global sellers and brands to grow their businesses in these regions.
Supporting Communities
•
Amazon's Housing Equity Fund has invested over $800 million of its $2 billion total. Its latest commitment of $300
million will create 3,000 affordable housing units near public transit centers in the Puget Sound region of Washington
state; Arlington, Virginia; and Nashville, Tennessee.
Amazon India sprung into urgent action to help employees, partners, sellers, customers, and communities in recent
months as the country faced an increase in COVID-19 cases. Amazon helped airlift over 14,000 life-saving medical
items, including 100 intensive care unit ventilators as well as 10,000 oxygen and ventilation machines. As part of its
efforts, Amazon worked with partners and nonprofits to deliver items to hospitals in the most urgent need, bearing the
cost of airlifts and managing the urgent movement of medical equipment. In addition, Amazon India has vaccinated
over 100,000 employees and their family members and has committed to vaccinate a total of 1 million employees,
sellers, partners, and dependents. Amazon committed $16.5 million in relief efforts, including direct donations and
medical equipment delivery.
In Nepal, Amazon teamed up with the United Nations World Food Programme to donate and deliver supplies to
communities affected by COVID-19, including 850,000 personal protective items such as medical masks, goggles, and
full-face protection for medical staff.
Amazon's FDA-authorized at-home COVID-19 test collection kit is now available to U.S. customers through
Amazon.com. The kits are processed by Amazon's in-house laboratory, which has processed millions of tests from
over 750,000 Amazon front-line employees.

=== END PAGE CONTENT ===
