possible to extend AWS's cloud computing hardware to space and will allow AWS to better support future customer
space missions.
AWS and Amazon Ads launched Amazon Marketing Cloud (AMC) Insights on AWS. The new solution helps
advertisers and agencies easily use AWS services when running Amazon Ads campaigns to analyze and generate
reporting from the Amazon Marketing Cloud API, reducing their development time from weeks to hours. With a few
clicks, AMC users can monitor ongoing ad campaign performance across reach, frequency, geography, audience, and
device type to better understand how to maximize ad spend.
Investing in Employees and Our Workplace
•
•
•
In the first six months of 2022, more than 25,000 employees worldwide joined Amazon's Career Choice program-
taking advantage of benefits such as fully funded college tuition, new industry certifications, courses to improve
English language proficiency, and high school completion programs. Since 2012, more than 80,000 employees have
participated in Career Choice, one of nine upskilling programs offered by Amazon as part of its $1.2 billion
commitment to upskill more than 300,000 Amazon employees by 2025.
More than 90 companies, including Cummins, John Deere, The Boeing Company, and United Airlines, have joined
Amazon and the National Safety Council (NSC) in a first-of-its kind pledge to reduce musculoskeletal disorders
(MSDS), the most common workplace injury, by 25% by 2025. The pledge is part of the five-year partnership between
Amazon and the NSC to reduce MSDs and improve workplace safety for millions of workers worldwide.
Amazon is testing new robotic technologies to create a safer workplace for employees and improve the customer
experience.
•
•
•
Proteus, Amazon's first fully autonomous mobile robot, uses advanced safety, perception, and navigation
technology developed by Amazon to move objects through the company's operation facilities. Proteus
navigates around employees—meaning it does not need to be confined to restricted areas.
Cardinal is a robotic workcell that uses advanced artificial intelligence (AI) and computer vision to handle
lifting and turning of large or heavy packages and complicated packing in a confined space.
Amazon Robotics Identification is an AI-powered scanning capability that was developed based on employee
feedback. It uses innovative computer vision and machine learning technology to enable easier scanning of
packages in facilities.
Containerized Storage System is a robotic system that delivers products to employees in a more
ergonomically friendly manner, reducing the need for employees to reach up, bend down, or climb ladders
when retrieving items.
Amazon was named No. 1 on LinkedIn's Top Companies in Retail, a new list that ranks the industry's 25 best U.S.
companies to grow a career in, based on LinkedIn's data. LinkedIn highlighted Amazon's benefits, such as up to 20
weeks of fully paid leave for new and expectant parents, weekly pay, and various apprenticeship and certification
opportunities.
For the fifth year in a row, Amazon was included on the Disability Equality Index's Best Places to Work for Disability
Inclusion.
Throughout the month of June, Amazon celebrated “Pride Out Loud” by amplifying the stories and lives of
LGBTQIA+ employees, customers, and communities across the business. From operations to entertainment, the
company supported more than 95 employee events around the world, sponsored local Pride celebrations in cities across
the U.S., and donated to organizations that impact the lives of LGBTQIA+ youth.
In celebration of Juneteenth, Amazon launched a comprehensive inclusive learning campaign for Amazon employees
worldwide, featuring diversity, equity, and inclusion resources, programs and events, and interactive learning
experiences, including a sit-down with Dr. Russell Wigginton, the president of the National Civil Rights Museum.
Amazon launched its latest employee learning and development program, Day 1 Manager Onboarding, to accelerate
new people-managers' growth and development. The personalized learning program helps managers strengthen their
understanding of Amazon's culture, support employee career growth, and build high-performing teams through
coursework on topics such as how to use leadership principles when making decisions and in common management
scenarios.
