•
•
everyday essentials at Amazon Fresh stores, and exclusive deals on home entertainment items and merchandise to help
prepare for NFL Thursday Night Football. Additionally, Prime Student members get six months free of a LinkedIn
Premium subscription.
Amazon introduced new ways for customers to support and discover small businesses selling in Amazon's store,
including the Small Business Badge, which helps customers find and shop products from small business brands and
artisans, and This Is Small Business, a new podcast dedicated to sharing stories from small business owners about
pivotal moments in starting, building, and scaling their businesses. This year was also the biggest Prime Day event for
Amazon's selling partners, most of which are small and medium-sized businesses, whose sales growth in Amazon's
store outpaced Amazon's first-party sales. Customers spent over $3 billion on more than 100 million small business
items included in the Support Small Businesses to Win Big sweepstakes, which offered customers the chance to win
prizes when shopping from small businesses leading up to Prime Day.
Amazon continues to invent new fashion shopping experiences for customers, launching Virtual Try-On for Shoes,
where shoppers can virtually try on thousands of sneaker styles, and Luxury Stores at Amazon in France, Germany,
Italy, Spain, and the UK, where customers can shop established and emerging luxury fashion brands online. Amazon
Style, Amazon's first-ever physical store for apparel, opened in Glendale, California, to help customers discover new
looks through a personalized shopping experience. Amazon Style uses machine learning algorithms to produce tailored
recommendations for customers as they shop. In the fitting room, customers can use touchscreens to browse more
options and request additional styles and sizes. Amazon also expanded its selection of size-inclusive fashion to include
a collection from designer Jonathan Cohen and a new co-brand between Amazon and Making The Cut Season Two
winner Andrea Pitter called TEREA.
Amazon announced that later this year, Amazon customers in Lockeford, California, and College Station, Texas, will
be among the first to receive Prime Air drone deliveries in the U.S. Customers will have the option to receive free and
fast drone delivery on thousands of everyday items—the largest selection of items ever to be available for drone
delivery.
Amazon continues to collaborate with leading retailers and stadiums to equip third-party locations with Just Walk Out
technology for checkout-free shopping and Amazon One for palm recognition and payment service. Recent store
openings include the Walk-Off Market food and beverage store at T-Mobile Park in Seattle and the Hudson Nonstop
store in Nashville International Airport. Additionally, three stores will open at Texas A&M's Kyle Field later this year.
The combination of technologies gives shoppers the option to enter a store by inserting their credit card at the entry
gate or hovering their palm over an Amazon One device. Once inside, shoppers can take what they want and leave
without stopping to check out.
Amazon continued to expand its grocery store footprint by opening 12 Amazon Fresh stores across the U.S. and the
UK, and introduced new innovations to improve the shopping experience for customers, including the next generation
Amazon Dash Cart. Amazon Dash Cart is a smart shopping cart that uses computer vision algorithms and sensor
fusion to help identify items placed in a cart, so customers can skip the checkout line when they are done shopping.
With the new Dash Cart, which is also expanding to its first Whole Foods Market store, shoppers can fit more items
into their cart, bring the cart to their car, and easily search for specific items on the cart's screen.
Amazon announced Store Analytics, a new service that provides brands with aggregated and anonymized insights
about the performance of their products, promotions, and ad campaigns in applicable stores. Store Analytics is
available at Amazon Go and Amazon Fresh stores in the U.S. that are enabled with Just Walk Out technology and
Amazon Dash Carts.
Amazon continues to improve its shopping experience for U.S. customers who use SNAP EBT, the federal program
that helps families purchase groceries. The company expanded the program so that beneficiaries in 48 states and
Washington, D.C.-covering more than 99% of SNAP households—can now use their SNAP benefits to shop for
groceries at Amazon.com, Amazon Fresh, and Whole Foods Market.
Amazon released its second Brand Protection Report, which details how the company safeguards customers, brands,
and selling partners from counterfeit products. Amazon identified, seized, and appropriately disposed of more than 3
million counterfeit products, preventing them from harming customers or being resold elsewhere in the retail supply
chain. In 2021, the company employed more than 12,000 people and invested more than $900 million to protect its
store from counterfeit, fraud, and other forms of abuse so customers can continue to shop with confidence.
Amazon filed legal action against the administrators of more than 10,000 Facebook groups that attempt to orchestrate
fake reviews on Amazon in exchange for money or free products. These groups are set up to recruit individuals willing
to post incentivized and misleading reviews on Amazon's stores in the U.S., the UK, Germany, France, Italy, Spain,
and Japan. Amazon will use information discovered from this legal action to identify bad actors and remove fake
