•
•
Health care and life sciences: Health and wellness organization Geisinger selected AWS as its strategic cloud
provider. Geisinger will migrate its entire digital portfolio of more than 400 applications and numerous
workflows to AWS, which will enable lifesaving technologies and save Geisinger several million dollars
annually.
Manufacturing: Sweden-based SKF, the leading manufacturer of bearings, collaborated with AWS to launch
a fully automated, condition-monitoring solution for industrial machine reliability and predictive
maintenance. This helps manufacturers monitor equipment, detect anomalies, and avoid unexpected machine
failures in their facilities.
Energy: Italian multinational energy company Eni worked with AWS to integrate its proprietary data
platform XWARE with the built-for-the-cloud Open Subsurface Data Universe on AWS to increase
interoperability between applications, enabling accelerated data exchange, enhanced security, and deeper
insights. Using AWS's machine learning, business intelligence, and storage capabilities, Australia's Electric
Mine Consortium built the world's first mining data platform for the creation of a cleaner, more electrified
future in mining. The platform will drive decarbonization among mining companies, accelerate the
electrification of mine sites at scale, and capture real-time information on mine decarbonization globally.
AWS added to its more than 200 products and services to help customers lower costs, increase agility, and innovate
faster.
AWS continues to innovate in generalized central processing units (CPUs) and announced the general
availability of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) C7g instances, the next generation of
compute-optimized instances powered by AWS-designed Graviton3 processors. Graviton3 processors provide
up to 25% better performance for compute-intensive applications than C6g instances powered by AWS
Graviton2 processors, which deliver up to 40% better price performance over comparable current generation
x86-based instances. Graviton3 processors also use up to 60% less energy for the same performance than
comparable EC2 instances.
AWS continues to transform how customers perform analytics by offering serverless options for Amazon
Redshift, Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (Amazon MSK), and Amazon EMR. Serverless
options take the guesswork out of configuring infrastructure at any scale, so enterprises can expand the use of
analytics in their organizations without needing to configure, scale, or manage the underlying infrastructure.
AWS announced the general availability of AWS Mainframe Modernization, as it further expands support for
every type of workload. AWS Mainframe Modernization makes it faster and easier for customers to
modernize mainframe-based workloads by moving them to the cloud, with no upfront costs or underlying
infrastructure to manage.
AWS announced the general availability of AWS Cloud WAN, a managed wide area network service that
makes it faster and easier to build, manage, and monitor a unified network that spans multiple locations and
seamlessly connects cloud and on-premises environments. AWS Cloud WAN connects data centers, branch
offices, and cloud resources into a single, centrally managed network that reduces operational cost and
complexity while improving network health, performance, and security, so enterprises can remove the need to
individually configure and manage multiple networks using different technologies.
AWS strengthened its partner network of more than 100,000 systems integrators and independent software vendors
from around the world that adapt their technology to run on or integrate with AWS.
•
•
IBM expanded its relationship with AWS and will offer its software catalog as-a-Service (SaaS) on AWS,
providing customers quick and easy access to IBM's automation, data and AI, security, and sustainability
software.
AWS was named MongoDB's 2022 Cloud (Co-Sell) Partner of the Year for jointly winning new deals and
helping customers modernize around the world.
AWS was named Splunk's 2022 Global Cloud Partner of the Year and announced a new Customer
Immersion Experience Center in Splunk's London office to demonstrate the benefit that data and digital
transformation can have on innovation and cost reduction.
AWS announced that it remotely operated an AWS Snowcone, an ultra-portable data transfer and edge computing
device, on the International Space Station to process data on orbit for the first time as part of a private Axiom Space
mission. The portable data storage and transfer device processed photos from onboard research experiments and
optimized the limited bandwidth available between the space station and Earth. The operation showed that it is
