stream exclusively on the Wondery+ subscription service in 30 countries. Wondery also brought more original content
to its global audience, including local-language translations of the investigative series Harsh Reality: The Story of
Miriam Rivera; Business Wars in Spain and Italy; and original dating show Queen of Hearts worldwide.
Audible signed a deal with President Barack Obama and Michelle Obama's production company, Higher Ground, to
create a slate of Audible shows. This new partnership reflects the companies' shared mission to tell meaningful and
entertaining stories that elevate diverse voices and experiences.
Devices and Services
•
•
•
Automakers continue to launch Alexa integrations in new vehicle models, including the 2023 Acura Integra, 2023 GM
Equinox, and 2022 Lucid Air. With Alexa Built-in, customers can ask Alexa to navigate, play music and audiobooks,
share the news, check the weather, control smart home devices, pay for gas, and find parking. Customers can also
remotely control their vehicle from home by asking Alexa to lock or unlock the car doors, check gas levels or charging
range, and start or stop the engine. These automakers join other companies with existing integrations such as Audi,
BMW, Chrysler, Ford, GM, Jaguar-Land Rover, Jeep, Mahindra, Rivian, and Volkswagen.
Amazon added new features to Alexa Together, a service that helps aging family members feel more comfortable and
confident living independently. Up to 10 caregivers can remotely support their aging loved one's Alexa devices from
afar with the Circle of Support feature, and the Remote Assist feature allows caregivers to remotely set up Alexa
Routines, such as locking the door and turning off the lights at a certain time of night.
Amazon launched new features to make Alexa smarter, more proactive, and more personal. Customers can now opt in
to receive proactive notifications from Alexa about their favorite sports team, weather updates in their area, and when
it's time to refill their prescriptions. Additionally, Call Captioning, which shows captions on Echo Show devices
during Alexa video calls, now supports Spanish, French, and Portuguese.
Amazon now has over 1 million registered developers, brands, and device makers building with Alexa. The company
continues to invent new ways for these builders to increase revenue and customer engagement, including the Alexa
Routines Kit, which enables developers to configure and offer Alexa Routines to customers when they interact with a
skill. For example, developers can integrate their skills into a customer's morning routine, along with other Alexa
experiences like smart home controls and music.
Amazon introduced the next generation of Fire 7 and Fire 7 Kids, bringing more speed, performance, and value to the
company's most popular and affordable tablet.
Amazon introduced new smart TVs with Fire TV built-in from Hisense and Xiaomi. With Fire TV built-in, customers
get a content-driven viewing experience, a simple and intuitive user interface, Alexa, and hands-free TV control.
Blink launched the first Blink Video Doorbell in France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, and the UK.
Amazon Web Services
AWS continues to be the most broadly adopted set of cloud infrastructure services and announced new commitments
and migrations from customers across many industries and geographies.
•
•
•
Travel and hospitality: Delta Air Lines selected AWS as preferred cloud provider to accelerate its digital
business transformation and reimagine the travel experience. Using AWS, Delta will deliver new digital
travel services, streamline its operations, enhance customer service from the booking process to the flight
experience, and provide cloud training to employees globally.
Media and entertainment: Riot Games and AWS have teamed up to bring AWS's data analytics integration
to esports broadcasts for the first time, through Riot's League of Legends, VALORANT, and League of
Legends: Wild Rift esports leagues. AWS will also power Riot's new cloud-first remote broadcast centers,
which will support Riot's current and future ambitions to reimagine entertainment experiences for billions of
fans worldwide.
Telecommunications: The UK's largest telecommunications company, BT, selected AWS as preferred cloud
provider to transform legacy infrastructure and internal applications to a new cloud-first architecture. This
will simplify BT's current information technology (IT) footprint, enabling it to more rapidly serve customers
and reducing costs in IT maintenance.
Financial services: Investment banking firm Jefferies will migrate all its IT systems to AWS, including
internal and customer-facing applications, IT resources, and companywide data, as it looks to modernize its
technology infrastructure, accelerate new digital services, realize operational efficiencies, and increase
security and reliability.
