=== START PAGE CONTENT ===
Additional Information Relating to the Quarter Ended June 30, 2023 (unaudited)
Reductions in Our Workforce and Office Space
In January 2023, we announced a reduction of our workforce, and as a result we recorded employee severance and
related charges of $2.0 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2023. In addition, we are taking actions to optimize
our global office space. As a result, total charges recorded during the six months ended June 30, 2023 were $633
million, of which $564 million and $69 million were recorded during the three months ended March 31, 2023 and
June 30, 2023, respectively. We may incur additional charges in the future as we further evaluate our real estate
needs.
For segment reporting, the substantial majority of these charges are included within unallocated corporate costs in
our segment results.
Change in Useful Lives of Our Server and Network Equipment
In January 2023, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our servers and network equipment and
adjusted the estimated useful life of our servers from four years to six years and the estimated useful life of certain
network equipment from five years to six years. This change in accounting estimate was effective beginning in fiscal
year 2023, and the effect was a reduction in depreciation expense of $966 million and $2.0 billion and an increase
in net income of $752 million and $1.5 billion, or $0.06 and $0.12 per basic and $0.06 and $0.12 per diluted share
for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively.
Additional Information Regarding Chief Financial Officer Transition and Appointment of President and Chief
Investment Officer
Alphabet and Google CFO Ruth Porat will assume the newly created role of President and Chief Investment Officer
of Alphabet and Google, effective September 1, 2023. Ruth will continue to serve as CFO, including leading the
company's 2024 and long-range capital planning processes, while the company searches for and selects her
successor.
In her new role, Ruth will continue to report to Sundar Pichai, Alphabet and Google CEO.
Ruth assumed the role of CFO in May 2015 and is the company's longest-serving CFO.
In her new role, Ruth will be responsible for Alphabet's investments in its Other Bets portfolio, working closely with
Sundar, and the company's investments in countries and communities around the world. Alphabet's investments
span numerous sectors and are engines of economic growth globally. She will also focus on engagement with
policymakers and regulators regarding employment, economic opportunity, competitiveness, and infrastructure
expansion.
"Ruth has worked to drive financial discipline and returns for shareholders, while spearheading investment to create
sustainable, long-term value. As today's results show, we're making good progress and we're committed to
continuing this important work," Sundar said. "In her new role, Ruth will strengthen our collaboration with policy
makers and shape our corporate investments to have maximum economic impact for people and economies around
the world."
"I'm excited about this new role and the opportunity to engage with leaders globally to unlock economic growth via
technology and investment,” said Ruth. “I'm committed to Google's continued growth and ensuring that our diverse
global investments are supported with strong partnership to create opportunities for people and communities,
everywhere."
Webcast and Conference Call Information
A live audio webcast of our second quarter 2023 earnings release call will be available on YouTube at https://
abc.xyz/2023-q2-earnings-call/. The call begins today at 2:00 PM (PT) / 5:00 PM (ET). This press release, including
the reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures to their nearest comparable GAAP measures, is also available at
http://abc.xyz/investor.
We also provide announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press
and earnings releases, and blogs, on our investor relations website (http://abc.xyz/investor).
We also share Google news and product updates on Google's Keyword blog at https://www.blog.google/, which may
be of interest or material to our investors.
3

=== END PAGE CONTENT ===
