=== START PAGE CONTENT ===
Announcing 71 new renewable energy projects globally, including its first project in Brazil and its first solar farms in
India and Poland, building on Amazon's position as the leading corporate buyer of renewable energy in the world.
Extending its partnership with Water.org, donating $10 million to help launch the Water.org Water & Climate Fund.
The fund is focused on climate-resilient water and sanitation solutions that will result in lasting access for 100 million
people across Asia, Africa, and Latin America. In addition, Amazon's funding will help provide 1 million people with
access to clean water by 2025.
Launching Amazon Catalytic Capital to invest $150 million in venture capital funds, accelerators, incubators, and
venture studios that provide funding to entrepreneurs from underrepresented backgrounds.
Announcing AWS has now helped more than 13 million people globally gain access to free cloud computing skills
training since 2020 as part of Amazon's commitment to provide free training to 29 million people around the world by
2025.
Financial Guidance
The following forward-looking statements reflect Amazon.com's expectations as of October 27, 2022, and are subject to
substantial uncertainty. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, such as
uncertainty regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global
economic and geopolitical conditions and customer demand and spending (including the impact of recessionary fears),
inflation, interest rates, regional labor market and global supply chain constraints, world events, the rate of growth of the
Internet, online commerce, and cloud services, and the various factors detailed below. This guidance reflects our estimates as of
October 27, 2022 regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations as well as the effect of other factors
discussed above.
Fourth Quarter 2022 Guidance
•
•
Net sales are expected to be between $140.0 billion and $148.0 billion, or to grow between 2% and 8% compared with
fourth quarter 2021. This guidance anticipates an unfavorable impact of approximately 460 basis points from foreign
exchange rates.
Operating income is expected to be between $0 and $4.0 billion, compared with $3.5 billion in fourth quarter 2021.
This guidance assumes, among other things, that no additional business acquisitions, restructurings, or legal
settlements are concluded.
A conference call will be webcast live today at 2:30 p.m. PT/5:30 p.m. ET, and will be available for at least three months at
amazon.com/ir. This call will contain forward-looking statements and other material information regarding the Company's
financial and operating results.
These forward-looking statements are inherently difficult to predict. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially for a
variety of reasons, including, in addition to the factors discussed above, the amount that Amazon.com invests in new business
opportunities and the timing of those investments, the mix of products and services sold to customers, the mix of net sales
derived from products as compared with services, the extent to which we owe income or other taxes, competition, management
of growth, potential fluctuations in operating results, international growth and expansion, the outcomes of claims, litigation,
government investigations, and other proceedings, fulfillment, sortation, delivery, and data center optimization, risks of
inventory management, variability in demand, the degree to which the Company enters into, maintains, and develops
commercial agreements, proposed and completed acquisitions and strategic transactions, payments risks, and risks of
fulfillment throughput and productivity. Other risks and uncertainties include, among others, risks related to new products,
services, and technologies, system interruptions, government regulation and taxation, and fraud. In addition, global economic
and geopolitical conditions and additional or unforeseen effects from the COVID-19 pandemic amplify many of these risks.
More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent
filings.
Our investor relations website is amazon.com/ir and we encourage investors to use it as a way of easily finding information
about us. We promptly make available on this website, free of charge, the reports that we file or furnish with the SEC, corporate
governance information (including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics), and select press releases, which may contain
material information about us, and you may subscribe to be notified of new information posted to this site.

=== END PAGE CONTENT ===
