=== START PAGE CONTENT ===
Webcast Details
Satya Nadella, chairman and chief executive officer, Amy Hood, executive vice president and chief financial
officer, Alice Jolla, chief accounting officer, Keith Dolliver, deputy general counsel, and Brett Iversen, vice
president of investor relations, will host a conference call and webcast at 2:30 p.m. Pacific time (5:30 p.m.
Eastern time) today to discuss details of the company's performance for the quarter and certain forward-
looking information. The session may be accessed at http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/investor. The
webcast will be available for replay through the close of business on October 25, 2023.
Non-GAAP Definition
Transfer of Intangible Properties. In the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, Microsoft transferred certain
intangible properties from our Puerto Rico subsidiary to the United States. The transfer of intangible
properties resulted in a net tax benefit of $3.3 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2022, as the value of
future United States tax deductions exceeds the current tax liability from the United States Global
Intangible Low-Taxed Income tax.
Microsoft has provided non-GAAP financial measures related to the transfer of intangible properties to
aid investors in better understanding our performance. Microsoft believes these non-GAAP measures
assist investors by providing additional insight into its operational performance and help clarify trends
affecting its business. For comparability of reporting, management considers non-GAAP measures in
conjunction with GAAP financial results in evaluating business performance. The non-GAAP financial
measures presented in this release should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, the
measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Constant Currency
Microsoft presents constant currency information to provide a framework for assessing how our
underlying businesses performed excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. To present this
information, current and comparative prior period results for entities reporting in currencies other than
United States dollars are converted into United States dollars using the average exchange rates from the
comparative period rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods. All
growth comparisons relate to the corresponding period in the last fiscal year. Microsoft has provided this
non-GAAP financial information to aid investors in better understanding our performance. The non-GAAP
financial measures presented in this release should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to,
the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.

=== END PAGE CONTENT ===
