•
•
provider. Together, AWS and Ferrari will accelerate the pace of innovation across the entire Ferrari
organization, including their road cars department, GT Competitions, the Ferrari Challenge, and the Scuderia
Ferrari FORMULA 1 (F1) team.
Sports: The National Hockey League (NHL), the premier hockey league in the world, debuted two new
advanced analytics during the 2021 Stanley Cup Playoffs—shot analytics and save analytics. These new stats
powered by AWS appear as on-screen graphics and data visualizations during NHL games and give fans a
better understanding and deeper appreciation of how their favorite players and teams perform during crucial
moments.
AWS plans to open infrastructure Regions in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) in the first half of 2022 and Israel in the
first half of 2023. The new Regions will enable even more developers, startups, and enterprises as well as government,
education, and nonprofits to run their applications and serve end-users from data centers located in the UAE and Israel.
Globally, AWS has 81 Availability Zones across 25 geographic Regions, with plans to launch 21 more Availability
Zones and seven more AWS Regions.
AWS and Salesforce announced a significant expansion of their global strategic partnership, making it easier for
customers to build and launch custom applications. The expanded partnership extends the technological capabilities of
both providers, connecting Salesforce data and workflows natively into their solutions running on AWS, and making it
easy for Salesforce developers to integrate AWS data and workflows into Salesforce applications. Salesforce will also
embed AWS services for voice, video, artificial intelligence, and machine learning directly in new applications for
sales, service, and industry vertical use cases. For example, customers can activate virtual call centers and empower
high-velocity sales teams with Amazon Connect and AWS AI/ML services, pre-integrated into both Sales Cloud and
Service Cloud.
AWS announced the general availability of two industry-specific services. Amazon HealthLake is a HIPAA-eligible
service for healthcare and life sciences organizations that uses machine learning to understand and extract meaningful
medical information from unstructured data such as clinical observations, laboratory notes, and medical images.
Amazon FinSpace is a purpose-built analytics service that reduces the time it takes financial services organizations to
find, prepare, and analyze financial data from months to minutes.
AWS announced the general availability of Amazon EBS io2 Block Express volumes, delivering storage area network
(SAN) capabilities in the cloud for the first time. EBS Block Express is a next-generation storage architecture that
provides the highest block storage performance without the cost or hassle of having to procure, scale, and maintain
expensive on-premises SANs. With io2 volumes running on Block Express, customers get a 4x increase in
performance, throughput, and capacity for existing io2 volumes, making it ideal for the most I/O-intensive, mission-
critical deployments of Oracle, SAP HANA, Microsoft SQL Server, and SAS Analytics.
AWS announced the general availability of three new container services. AWS App Runner is a fully managed
container application service that makes it easier and faster for customers to build, deploy, and run containerized web
applications and APIs with just a few clicks. AWS Proton is an application delivery service that makes it easier for
customers to provision, deploy, and monitor the microservices that form the basis of modern container and serverless
applications. Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS) Anywhere is a new capability for Amazon ECS that enables
customers to easily run, scale, secure, and manage container-based applications on-premises and at edge environments
using the same APIs, cluster management, workload scheduling, monitoring, and deployment pipelines they use with
Amazon ECS on AWS.
AWS announced the general availability of Amazon DevOps Guru, a fully managed operations service that uses
machine learning to make it easier for developers to improve application availability by automatically detecting
operational issues and recommending specific actions for remediation. Informed by years of Amazon.com and AWS
operational excellence, Amazon DevOps Guru applies machine learning to automatically analyze data like application
metrics, logs, events, and traces for behaviors that deviate from normal operating patterns so developers can identify
and remediate issues long before they impact customers.
AWS announced the general availability of Amazon Location Service, a new service that makes it easier and more
cost-effective for customers to add location functionality to their applications, without compromising on user privacy
or data security. With Amazon Location Service, customers can embed location functionality in their applications
using data from location-based service providers Esri and HERE Technologies to provide maps, points of interest,
geocoding (converting location information to a point on a map), route planning, geofencing (creating virtual
perimeters), or asset tracking.
