•
For the first time, Amazon brought Just Walk Out technology to a full-sized grocery store, offering customers in
Bellevue, Washington the option to skip the checkout line or use traditional checkout. Amazon Fresh now has 15
stores in the U.S. and five in the UK.
Amazon Fashion expanded its head-to-toe outfit recommendations, which use machine learning models to inspire
customers and help them find products that fit their unique style and complete their look. “Styling Ideas” are now
available on Fashion product pages in France, Germany, India, Italy, Spain, and the U.S.
Amazon Pharmacy introduced a six-month supply option for eligible medications, offering customers a new
convenient way to purchase many of the most commonly prescribed medications. For Prime members, pharmacy
purchases always include free, unlimited two-day delivery, and select medications start at just $1 per month when
customers pay without insurance.
Amazon launched the “Internet Famous" storefront, a curated selection of the top trending products on social media.
The storefront showcases immersive content that allows customers to discover brands across multiple categories while
engaging with their favorite influencers.
Amazon launched its first Brand Protection Report, which detailed Amazon's anti-counterfeiting efforts and progress
in driving counterfeit to zero in its store. In 2020, Amazon invested over $700 million and employed more than 10,000
people to protect customers and sellers in its store and to stop bad actors before they list products for sale. Amazon's
verification processes prevented over 6 million attempts to create selling accounts before bad actors listed a single
product for sale and seized over 2 million counterfeit products sent to its fulfillment centers before they were sent to a
customer.
Entertainment
•
•
Prime Video released new Amazon Original movies for customers worldwide, including Tom Clancy's Without
Remorse, starring Michael B. Jordan, and The Tomorrow War, starring Chris Pratt, both of which were the No. 1
streamed movie on their opening weekends. Prime members also enjoyed new and returning Amazon Original series
and specials such as THEM, Solos, The Underground Railroad, Panic, Flack, Mary J. Blige's My Life, and the Prime
Day Show, as well as the seventh and final season of Bosch, the longest-running Amazon Original series to date.
Additionally, Prime Video debuted over 20 local originals internationally, including Dom (Brazil), Chivas: El Rebaño
Sagrado (Mexico), Clarkson's Farm (UK), La Leyenda de Sergio Ramos (Spain), Mixte (France), and Head Above
Water (Australia).
Amazon earned 20 Emmy Award nominations, including Amazon Studios' first-ever category nominations for a
drama series (The Boys) and limited series (The Underground Railroad). Amazon also received two nominations in the
TV movie category (Uncle Frank and Sylvie's Love), along with nominations for writing (All In), choreography
(Savage X Fenty Show Vol. 2), cinematography (Small Axe), visual effects (Vikings), interactive program (Welcome to
the Blumhouse), and commercial (Michael B. Jordan's Alexa ad).
Prime Video announced streaming deals with sports leagues around the world, including: the National Football League
(NFL) Thursday Night Football beginning in 2022, a year earlier than previously announced; 16 Women's National
Basketball Association (WNBA) games per season and the Commissioner's Cup Championship Game; the Premier
League in the UK; the Premiere channel to watch soccer in Brazil; and 300+ Ligue 1 soccer matches per season in
France. Prime Video also streamed the first-ever French Open night matches and the Australian Swimming Trials
globally.
Peacock, NBCUniversal's streaming service, is now available on Fire TV and Fire tablet devices. Customers can use
Alexa to start watching Peacock by saying "Alexa, open Peacock."
Prime Video and IMDb TV announced an exclusive, multi-year licensing deal with Universal Filmed Entertainment
Group (UFEG). Beginning in 2022, Prime Video will be an exclusive subscription video partner for UFEG's slate of
live-action films in the U.S., bringing films such as Jurassic World: Dominion, The 355, and Ambulance to Prime
Video soon after theatrical release. With this deal, IMDb TV will be the first advertising-based streaming service to
secure a major studio network window, which traditionally goes to broadcast or cable networks.
IMDb TV announced 12 original series and development projects including a new half-hour drama from Dick Wolf, a
home renovation project with Jeff Lewis, a docu-series with country superstar Luke Bryan, and a dramedy from Clea
DuVall and Tegan and Sara Quin.
Amazon Advertising announced that Amazon Streaming TV ads and Twitch now jointly reach an audience of 120
million monthly viewers across the U.S. creating more opportunities for brands to create engaging and interactive
product discovery experiences across IMDb TV, Twitch, ad-supported apps on Fire TV, and Thursday Night Football
on Prime Video.
