•
•
•
Operating income decreased to $12.2 billion in 2022, compared with $24.9 billion in 2021.
•
•
•
North America segment operating loss was $2.8 billion, compared with operating income of $7.3 billion in
2021.
International segment operating loss was $7.7 billion, compared with operating loss of $0.9 billion in 2021.
AWS segment operating income was $22.8 billion, compared with operating income of $18.5 billion in 2021.
Net loss was $2.7 billion in 2022, or $0.27 per diluted share, compared with net income of $33.4 billion, or $3.24 per
diluted share, in 2021.
•
2022 net loss includes a pre-tax valuation loss of $12.7 billion included in non-operating income (expense)
from the common stock investment in Rivian Automotive, Inc., compared to a pre-tax valuation gain of $11.8
billion from the investment in 2021.
Operating cash flow increased 1% to $46.8 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with $46.3 billion for the
trailing twelve months ended December 31, 2021.
Free cash flow decreased to an outflow of $11.6 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with an outflow of
$9.1 billion for the trailing twelve months ended December 31, 2021.
Free cash flow less principal repayments of finance leases and financing obligations increased to an outflow of
$19.8 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with an outflow of $20.4 billion for the trailing twelve months
ended December 31, 2021.
Free cash flow less equipment finance leases and principal repayments of all other finance leases and financing
obligations increased to an outflow of $12.8 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with an outflow of $14.3
billion for the trailing twelve months ended December 31, 2021.
"Our relentless focus on providing the broadest selection, exceptional value, and fast delivery drove customer demand in our
Stores business during the fourth quarter that exceeded our expectations—and we're appreciative of all our customers who
turned to Amazon this past holiday season,” said Andy Jassy, Amazon CEO. “We're also encouraged by the continued progress
we're making in reducing our cost to serve in the operations part of our Stores business. In the short term, we face an uncertain
economy, but we remain quite optimistic about the long-term opportunities for Amazon. The vast majority of total market
segment share in both Global Retail and IT still reside in physical stores and on-premises datacenters; and as this equation
steadily flips, we believe our leading customer experiences in these areas along with the results of our continued hard work and
invention to improve every day, will lead to significant growth in the coming years. When you also factor in our investments
and innovation in several other broad customer experiences (e.g. streaming entertainment, customer-first healthcare, broadband
satellite connectivity for more communities globally), there's additional reason to feel optimistic about what the future holds."
Highlights
Obsessing over the customer experience
Amazon obsesses over how to make customers' lives better and easier every day. This is true for consumers, sellers, brands,
developers, enterprises, and creators. For example, in the past quarter, Amazon:
Had a record-breaking holiday season with customers purchasing nearly half a billion items from small businesses in
the U.S. During Amazon's biggest Thanksgiving-through-Cyber-Monday holiday shopping weekend ever, customers
around the world purchased hundreds of millions of products, and small businesses in the U.S. generated more than $1
billion in sales over the five-day period.
Made Same-Day Delivery even faster in major metropolitan areas in the U.S., such as Los Angeles, San Francisco,
Phoenix, Sacramento, and Portland, Oregon, where customers can now receive hundreds of thousands of items within
hours. Amazon's new Same-Day Delivery site in Sacramento is set to be the world's first logistics facility certified as
Zero Carbon by the International Living Future Institute. In the EU, Same-Day Delivery is now available in Belgium.
Attracted more than 100 million viewers worldwide to the first season of The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power,
making it the most watched Amazon Original series in every region of the world, with more than 24 billion minutes
streamed, and driving more Prime sign-ups worldwide during its launch window than any previous Prime Video
content. Amazon Studios also announced the all-female slate of directors-Charlotte Brändström, Sanaa Hamri, and
Louise Hooper for Season Two of The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power, which is currently in production in the
UK.
