First Quarter 2023 Guidance
•
•
•
Net sales are expected to be between $121.0 billion and $126.0 billion, or to grow between 4% and 8% compared with
first quarter 2022. This guidance anticipates an unfavorable impact of approximately 210 basis points from foreign
exchange rates.
Operating income is expected to be between $0 and $4.0 billion, compared with $3.7 billion in first quarter 2022.
This guidance assumes, among other things, that no additional business acquisitions, restructurings, or legal
settlements are concluded.
A conference call will be webcast live today at 2:30 p.m. PT/5:30 p.m. ET, and will be available for at least three months at
amazon.com/ir. This call will contain forward-looking statements and other material information regarding the Company's
financial and operating results.
These forward-looking statements are inherently difficult to predict. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially for a
variety of reasons, including, in addition to the factors discussed above, the amount that Amazon.com invests in new business
opportunities and the timing of those investments, the mix of products and services sold to customers, the mix of net sales
derived from products as compared with services, the extent to which we owe income or other taxes, competition, management
of growth, potential fluctuations in operating results, international growth and expansion, the outcomes of claims, litigation,
government investigations, and other proceedings, fulfillment, sortation, delivery, and data center optimization, risks of
inventory management, variability in demand, the degree to which the Company enters into, maintains, and develops
commercial agreements, proposed and completed acquisitions and strategic transactions, payments risks, and risks of
fulfillment throughput and productivity. Other risks and uncertainties include, among others, risks related to new products,
services, and technologies, system interruptions, government regulation and taxation, and fraud. In addition, global economic
and geopolitical conditions and additional or unforeseen circumstances, developments, or events may give rise to or amplify
many of these risks. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in
Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including its most recent Annual Report on
Form 10-K and subsequent filings.
Our investor relations website is amazon.com/ir and we encourage investors to use it as a way of easily finding information
about us. We promptly make available on this website, free of charge, the reports that we file or furnish with the SEC, corporate
governance information (including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics), and select press releases, which may contain
material information about us, and you may subscribe to be notified of new information posted to this site.
About Amazon
Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to
operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Amazon strives to be Earth's Most Customer-Centric Company, Earth's Best
Employer, and Earth's Safest Place to Work. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime,
Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Career Choice, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, Alexa,
Just Walk Out technology, Amazon Studios, and The Climate Pledge are some of the things pioneered by Amazon. For more
information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
