•
•
Surpassed 100,000 participants in Career Choice, an education benefit that empowers employees to learn new skills for
career success through a range of options, including prepaid college tuition, foundational skills training, and industry
certifications. In 2022 in the U.S., the company celebrated 3,000 graduates of its new English language proficiency
program.
Continued to make its workplace more accessible and inclusive for employees who are deaf and hard of hearing. For
example, Amazon rolled out new video stations over the past year at more than 200 sites across eight countries in
North America and Europe to help employees learn the basics of sign language for their region and improve
communication with colleagues who are deaf and hard of hearing.
Expanded the Amazon Mentoring Program to support new people managers with opportunities to receive mentoring
from experienced Amazon people managers and develop the foundational skills to be an effective people leader. Since
its launch, the program grew from 18,800 employees in 2016 to over 159,000 employees in 2022.
Launched a new Alexa feature where customers can say “Alexa, thank my driver” to an Alexa-enabled device, the
Alexa app, or the Amazon mobile shopping app, and the driver who delivered their most recent package would be
notified. Nearly 8 million “thank yous” have been received.
Supporting communities and protecting the environment
Amazon believes that success and scale bring broad responsibility to help the planet, future generations, and local communities
in which the company has a significant presence. Amazon employees have passion for investing in these areas, and a sampling
of the efforts from this past quarter are that Amazon:
•
•
•
•
Advanced its goal to decarbonize its transportation network globally. For example, Amazon partnered with TVS Motor
Company to deploy a fleet of electric two-wheelers and three-wheelers for last mile deliveries in India. The agreement
is part of Amazon's plan to bring 10,000 electric delivery vehicles to India by 2025.
Released a report detailing Amazon's progress and methods to reduce packaging, including through the use of
innovative technologies, processes, and materials. Since 2015, these efforts have helped reduce the weight of
packaging per shipment by 38% and eliminated the use of more than 1.5 million tons of packaging materials. Amazon
continues to take steps to reduce single-use plastics in outbound packaging, recently announcing that it reduced
average plastic packaging weight per shipment by over 7% in 2021 across its global operations network.
Unveiled its largest on-site solar energy installation in Europe at a fulfillment center in Seville, Spain that is fitted with
more than 13,300 solar panels and is expected to produce more than 6 million kilowatt hours per year-enough energy
to power the equivalent of more than 1,500 Spanish homes annually.
Set a goal for AWS to be water positive by 2030, returning more water to communities than it uses in its direct
operations, and announced that it achieved an industry-leading 2021 global water use efficiency metric of 0.25 liters of
water per kilowatt-hour.
Signed a memorandum of understanding confirming AWS's continued cooperation in 2023 with the Ukraine
government. Since the start of the war, AWS has played a crucial role in helping the Ukraine government maintain
continuity and provide critical services to its citizens. To date, Amazon has committed more than $75 million in
support to help the people of Ukraine address immediate and long-term needs.
Released its latest Community Impact Report, which detailed program milestones, including 85 million pounds of food
donated through a partnership with Feeding America; 20 million relief items donated to date; $1.6 billion invested to
create or preserve more than 11,000 affordable homes through Amazon's Housing Equity Fund; computer science
education provided to 600,000 students across 5,000 schools through Amazon Future Engineer; and $96 million
donated to more than 190 nonprofits in the Puget Sound, Washington region in 2021, making it the Seattle area's top
corporate philanthropist that year.
Financial Guidance
The following forward-looking statements reflect Amazon.com's expectations as of February 2, 2023, and are subject to
substantial uncertainty. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, such as
uncertainty regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global
economic and geopolitical conditions and customer demand and spending (including the impact of recessionary fears),
inflation, interest rates, regional labor market and global supply chain constraints, world events, the rate of growth of the
Internet, online commerce, and cloud services, and the various factors detailed below.
