•
•
•
Finished the Thursday Night Football (TNF) season with the youngest median age of any NFL broadcast package
since 2013 and viewership up 11% from last season among hard-to-reach 18- to 34-year-olds, according to Nielsen
Media Research. TNF featured the most streamed NFL games ever, with an average audience of 11.3 million viewers,
according to combined data from Amazon's first-party measurement metrics and Nielsen Media Research. Prime
Video also made history as the first streamer to place on Variety's Top 100 Primetime Telecasts of 2022, with four of
its TNF telecasts making the list.
Premiered several Original series and films, including Western drama The English, with Emily Blunt; family-friendly
competition show Dr. Seuss Baking Challenge; My Policeman, starring Harry Styles; and documentary Good Night
Oppy. Prime Video also released new seasons of existing series, including the fourth volume of Rihanna's annual
fashion experience Savage X Fenty and the third season of Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan, starring John Krasinski.
Wednesday, an MGM-produced series on Netflix, debuted at No. 1 on Nielsen's weekly streaming charts and earned
Golden Globe nominations for Best Musical or Comedy Series and Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy Series (Jenna
Ortega).
Brought HBO back to Prime Video Channels in the U.S., after reaching an agreement with Warner Bros. Discovery.
For $15.99 per month, customers who subscribe to HBO Max have access to approximately 15,000 hours of curated
premium content.
Announced new commitments and migrations from AWS customers.
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
Nasdaq completed the migration of its MRX core trading system to the cloud, delivering a 10% performance
improvement for market participants and marking a major milestone in Nasdaq's journey to deliver the first
cloud-based U.S. options exchange.
NFL and AWS announced the NFL Contact Detection Challenge, which invites experts to use machine
learning (ML) and computer vision to predict and prevent injuries.
Yahoo Ad Tech selected AWS as its preferred cloud provider to develop tailored and immersive solutions for
brands to better connect with their audiences.
Stability AI selected AWS as its preferred cloud provider to build and train artificial intelligence (AI) models
for the best performance at the lowest cost.
Descartes Labs is going all-in on AWS to give customers timely, actionable insights to tackle challenges like
enhancing food security and mitigating climate change.
Brookfield Asset Management selected AWS as a preferred cloud provider to advance renewable energy use
globally.
Duke Energy is working with AWS on smart grid solutions to improve reliability and resiliency in
preparation for rapid electric vehicle adoption.
Wallbox migrated to AWS, enabling customers to return excess energy to the grid and reducing the
company's IT costs by 70%.
American Family Insurance named AWS as its preferred cloud provider to unlock personalized service and
security for its 13.1 million policyholders.
Launched AWS Regions in Spain and Switzerland as well as a second Region in India to continue expanding AWS's
infrastructure footprint, delivering the most secure, extensive, and reliable cloud technology to millions of customers
around the world. As of the end of 2022, AWS has 96 Availability Zones within 30 geographic Regions globally, with
announced plans to launch 15 more Availability Zones and five more AWS Regions.
Expanded the AWS Partner Network to help customers accelerate innovation in their organizations and speed their
journey to the cloud. Professional services company Accenture launched a platform that helps customers drive
business outcomes up to 50% faster on AWS. Atos, a provider of managed infrastructure services, will collaborate
with AWS to enable customers with large-scale infrastructure outsourcing contracts to accelerate digital transformation
and workload migrations to the cloud. Global business and technology consulting company Slalom will develop
vertical solutions and accelerators on AWS for joint customers.
Inventing on behalf of customers
Amazon is driven by a passion for invention across all of its business areas. The company builds new products and services that
customers ask for, and also invents new ones that customers didn't know they wanted but make their lives or businesses better
in some meaningful way. For example, this past quarter, Amazon:
