Webcast and conference call information
A live audio webcast of our second quarter 2021 earnings release call will be available on YouTube at https://
youtu.be/4ku-6h3vuNw. The call begins today at 1:30 PM (PT) / 4:30 PM (ET). This press release, including the
reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures to their nearest comparable GAAP measures, is also available at
http://abc.xyz/investor.
We also provide announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press
and earnings releases, and blogs, on our investor relations website (http://abc.xyz/investor).
We also share Google news and product updates on Google's Keyword blog at https://www.blog.google/, which may
be of interest or material to our investors.
Forward-looking statements
This press release may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from the results predicted, and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future
performance. The potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted
include, among others, those risks and uncertainties included under the captions "Risk Factors" and "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2020, and our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
March 31, 2021, which are on file with the SEC and are available on our investor relations website at http://abc.xyz/
investor and on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Additional information will also be set forth in our Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021. All information provided in this release and in the attachments is
as of July 27, 2021. Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements in this press release,
which are based on information available to us on the date hereof. We undertake no duty to update this information
unless required by law.
About non-GAAP financial measures
To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP,
we use the following non-GAAP financial measures: free cash flow; constant currency revenues; and percentage
change in constant currency revenues. The presentation of this financial information is not intended to be
considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in
accordance with GAAP.
We use these non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to
evaluate period-to-period comparisons. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful
supplemental information regarding our performance and liquidity by excluding certain items that may not be
indicative of our recurring core business operating results, such as our revenues excluding the effect of foreign
exchange rate movements and hedging activities. We believe that both management and investors benefit from
referring to these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, and
analyzing future periods. These non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate management's internal comparisons to
our historical performance and liquidity as well as comparisons to our competitors' operating results. We believe
these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors both because (1) they allow for greater transparency
with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making and (2) they are
used by our institutional investors and the analyst community to help them analyze the health of our business.
There are a number of limitations related to the use of non-GAAP financial measures. We compensate for these
limitations by providing specific information regarding the GAAP amounts excluded from these non-GAAP financial
measures and evaluating these non-GAAP financial measures together with their relevant financial measures in
accordance with GAAP.
For more information on these non-GAAP financial measures, please see the tables captioned "Reconciliation from
net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow" and "Reconciliation from GAAP revenues to non-GAAP
constant currency revenues" included at the end of this release.
Contact
Investor relations
Media
investor-relations@abc.xyz press@abc.xyz
3
