=== START PAGE CONTENT ===
Protecting the Planet
•
Amazon welcomed 86 new companies to The Climate Pledge, including HP, Procter & Gamble, and Salesforce,
bringing the total number of companies that have pledged to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2040 to more than
200. Pledge signatories generate over $1.8 trillion in global annual revenue and have more than 7 million employees
across 26 industries in 21 countries.
The Climate Pledge Fund, a $2 billion venture capital fund to support the development of sustainable and
decarbonizing technologies and services, made new investments in three companies: CMC Machinery, a technology
company that designs and manufactures custom-sized boxes while eliminating the need for single-use plastic padding;
Resilient Power, a builder of solid-state power stations for electric vehicles; and Infinium, a company working toward
a low-carbon electrofuels solution for air transport, marine freight, and heavy truck fleets. In total, the Climate Pledge
Fund has invested in 11 companies.
Amazon's Right Now Climate Fund, a $100 million fund to restore and conserve forests, wetlands, and grasslands
around the world, announced an investment in the Agroforestry and Restoration Accelerator, a nature-based carbon
removal initiative in the Brazilian Amazon, and a commitment of approximately $23.5 million (€20 million) for
projects across Europe to help fight climate change. The first funding recipient is the Parco Italia urban forestry
program, which aims to plant 22 million trees—one tree per city resident—across 14 metropolitan areas in Italy.
Amazon co-founded The Cargo Owners for Zero Emission Vessels network alongside the Aspen Institute, IKEA,
Inditex, Michelin, Patagonia, Tchibo, and fellow Pledge signatories Brooks Running and Unilever. The initiative aims
to transition ocean freight vessels from fossil fuels to zero-carbon fuels by 2040.
Last year, Amazon became the first consumer electronics manufacturer to commit to addressing, through renewable
energy development, the electricity used by its devices—starting with Echo devices. Amazon recently announced
additional investments in wind and solar farm capacity that, by 2025, are expected to produce the clean energy
equivalent of all the electricity used by Fire TV and Ring devices worldwide.

=== END PAGE CONTENT ===
