=== START PAGE CONTENT ===
Protecting the Planet
•
In the U.S., Amazon started making customer deliveries with its custom Rivian electric delivery vehicles (EDVs). This
rollout is the start of what Amazon plans to be thousands of EDVs in more than 100 cities by the end of 2022—and
100,000 EDVs across the U.S. by 2030. In India, Amazon signed an agreement with Tata Motors to include the new
Tata Ace electric vehicle as part of Amazon's delivery fleet. The new EDV was co-developed with Amazon and will
contribute to the company's goal of having 10,000 EDVs on the road in India by 2025. In the UK, Amazon announced
the launch of its first micromobility hub for more sustainable deliveries in central London. E-cargo bikes and walkers
from the new hub, along with Amazon's electric fleet already on London's roads, will make over 5 million deliveries a
year across more than 10% of London's Ultra Low Emission Zone.
Amazon's Climate Pledge Fund made new investments in Electric Hydrogen and Sunfire, two developers of
electrolyzer technologies. Electrolyzer technology makes green hydrogen using water and renewable electricity. The
Fund has announced investments in 18 companies to date as part of its mission to invest in visionary companies whose
products and solutions will facilitate the transition to a low-carbon economy.
The Climate Pledge announced a collaboration with the National Geographic Society to fund 15 National Geographic
Explorers as they document the global climate crisis as part of the Society's Global Storytellers Fund. The
collaboration will advance early career and established storytellers—including photographers, writers, and filmmakers
―with the funding, training, and exposure necessary to help inspire global audiences and drive urgent action against
the climate crisis.
Financial Guidance
The following forward-looking statements reflect Amazon.com's expectations as of July 28, 2022, and are subject to substantial
uncertainty. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, such as uncertainty
regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic
conditions and customer demand and spending, inflation, regional labor market and global supply chain constraints, world
events, the rate of growth of the Internet, online commerce, and cloud services, and the various factors detailed below. This
guidance reflects our estimates as of July 28, 2022 regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations as well
as the effect of other factors discussed above.
Third Quarter 2022 Guidance
•
•
Net sales are expected to be between $125.0 billion and $130.0 billion, or to grow between 13% and 17% compared
with third quarter 2021. This guidance anticipates an unfavorable impact of approximately 390 basis points from
foreign exchange rates.
Operating income is expected to be between $0 and $3.5 billion, compared with $4.9 billion in third quarter 2021.
This guidance assumes, among other things, that no additional business acquisitions, restructurings, or legal
settlements are concluded.
A conference call will be webcast live today at 2:30 p.m. PT/5:30 p.m. ET, and will be available for at least three months at
amazon.com/ir. This call will contain forward-looking statements and other material information regarding the Company's
financial and operating results.
These forward-looking statements are inherently difficult to predict. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially for a
variety of reasons, including, in addition to the factors discussed above, the amount that Amazon.com invests in new business
opportunities and the timing of those investments, the mix of products and services sold to customers, the mix of net sales
derived from products as compared with services, the extent to which we owe income or other taxes, competition, management
of growth, potential fluctuations in operating results, international growth and expansion, the outcomes of claims, litigation,
government investigations, and other proceedings, fulfillment, sortation, delivery, and data center optimization, risks of
inventory management, variability in demand, the degree to which the Company enters into, maintains, and develops
commercial agreements, proposed and completed acquisitions and strategic transactions, payments risks, and risks of
fulfillment throughput and productivity. Other risks and uncertainties include, among others, risks related to new products,
services, and technologies, system interruptions, government regulation and taxation, and fraud. In addition, global economic
conditions and additional or unforeseen effects from the COVID-19 pandemic amplify many of these risks. More information
about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings.

=== END PAGE CONTENT ===
