Highlights
Our Vision to be Earth's Best Employer and Earth's Safest Place to Work
•
Amazon ranked #1 in the U.S. on LinkedIn's 2021 Top Companies, an annual list identifying the most sought-after
places to work based on their ability to attract and retain the best talent, including promotions, opportunities for
employees to learn new skills, hiring people from all backgrounds and levels of education, and gender diversity. In
addition, Amazon ranked #2 on the Fortune World's Most Admired Companies list and #3 on Boston Consulting
Group's Most Innovative Companies list.
In partnership with government and public health officials across the globe, Amazon is rapidly expanding on-site
COVID-19 vaccination programs for its front-line employees and contractors. In addition to offering COVID-19
testing on-site, Amazon has hosted vaccination events at fulfillment centers, sort centers, delivery stations, and AWS
data centers in 29 states, reaching more than 300,000 front-line employees and contractors. In some locations, Amazon
opened the vaccination program to employee household members. Given the vaccination program's progress in the
U.S., it will soon expand to front-line employees in other countries.
Amazon is committed to leading the way for workplaces around the world to proactively manage and prevent—
work-related musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs) by drawing on expertise in innovation and technology, and
collaborating with proven thought leaders and scientists. MSDs are common in the type of work done in warehouse
operations and are more likely to occur during an employee's first six months. Amazon's increased attention to early
MSD prevention is already achieving results. From 2019 to 2020, overall MSDs decreased by 32% and MSDS
resulting in time away from work decreased by more than half.
Amazon is expanding its workplace health and safety program Working Well with the aim of cutting recordable
incident rates by 50% by 2025. WorkingWell is currently available to 859,000 employees at 350 sites across North
America and Europe. Through the program, small groups of employees are coached on body mechanics, proactive
wellness, and safety. In addition to reducing workplace injuries, these concepts have a positive impact on regular day-
to-day activities and have contributed to reducing MSD recordable incident rates.
Since 2020, in partnership with Crossover Health, Amazon opened 17 neighborhood health centers for employees and
their families in the areas around Dallas-Fort Worth, Texas; Detroit, Michigan; Louisville, Kentucky; Phoenix,
Arizona; and San Bernardino, California. Centers are located next to where employees live and work to provide
affordable, convenient, and high quality health care, and patients report a 90% satisfaction score. Amazon is evaluating
expansion of the program so that even more employees can access quality care whenever, and wherever, they need it.
Amazon is fitting delivery vehicles with camera safety technology and artificial intelligence to capture real-time data
(such as following safe distance and road conditions) to identify at-risk driving events. These technologies are used to
help keep drivers and the communities where Amazon delivers safe. When this technology was piloted in 2020 on over
two million miles of delivery routes, crashes decreased 48%, stop sign violations decreased 20%, driving without a
seatbelt decreased 60%, and distracted driving decreased 45%.
Amazon shared comprehensive companywide goals related to diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts for 2021. Goals
include increasing representation of women in tech and science roles, doubling the number of Black directors and VPs
for the second year in a row, and having 100% of Amazon employees take inclusion training. In addition, to evaluate
progress over time, Amazon increased the amount and specificity of the data shared publicly about its employees. The
expanded dataset includes representation by job type, such as front-line associates and corporate employees, and
expands historical data to the past three years.
Amazon pulled forward its annual fall pay review for its U.S. Customer Fulfillment, Delivery, Package Sortation, and
Specialty Fulfillment teams, and will be rolling out increases from mid-May through early June. More than 500,000
people will see an increase between at least 50 cents and $3 an hour, which is an investment of over $1 billion in
incremental pay for these employees.
