.
•
Delaware North, a global leader in hospitality and food service, announced the opening of two checkout-free
convenience stores using Amazon's Just Walk Out technology at TD Garden, an entertainment venue in Boston and
home of the Boston Celtics and Boston Bruins.
Amazon Business, the company's global procurement solution, now serves more than five million businesses and
generated $25 billion in worldwide annualized sales. More than half of unit sales are from third-party sellers, such as
women-, minority-, or veteran-owned businesses that have been certified by U.S. diversity-certifying organizations
such as the Department of Veterans Affairs and Women's Business Enterprise National Council. In the U.S., Amazon
Business serves 45 states and 80 of the Fortune 100 companies, including Citigroup, Intel, Cisco, and ExxonMobil.
Amazon continues to expand its air cargo network to meet growing customer demand. In January, the company
announced the purchase of 11 aircraft from Delta and WestJet to expand its Amazon Air fleet to more than 85 aircraft
by the end of 2022. Amazon also announced new Amazon Air sites in Toledo, Ohio and Fairbanks, Alaska, and plans
to expand existing operations in Canada this summer.
Entertainment
•
•
This quarter marked Amazon Studios' most successful awards season to date and the first time a streaming service has
won a best picture Golden Globe award from the Hollywood Foreign Press Association. Original titles earned 10
Golden Globe nominations and three awards for Small Axe (Supporting Actor John Boyega) and Borat Subsequent
Moviefilm (Best Picture Musical/Comedy and Best Actor Musical/Comedy). Amazon Studios also earned 12 Academy
Award nominations, a record for the studio, across four films: One Night in Miami..., Borat Subsequent Moviefilm,
Time, and Sound of Metal, which won two awards (Best Sound and Best Film Editing).
Coming 2 America launched worldwide on Prime Video, becoming the #1 streamed movie its opening weekend and
the #1 opening weekend for a streamed movie this year according to Screen Engine/ASI. Regina King's feature
directorial debut One Night in Miami... also launched to critical acclaim, receiving numerous accolades, including a
Critics' Choice Award as well as Golden Globe, SAG, and Oscar nominations. In addition, new Amazon Original
Invincible premiered to praise from TV critics, and Prime Video debuted Local Originals The Stand (Canada), Guerra
de Likes (Mexico), The Great Escapists (UK), La Templanza (Spain), and We Children from Bahnhof Zoo (Germany).
Amazon Studios continues to invest in diverse creators and content. This quarter, Amazon Studios announced new
series for Prime Video, including a Mr. and Mrs. Smith remake created by and starring Phoebe Waller-Bridge and
Donald Glover, as well as a young adult series The Summer I Turned Pretty from writer Jenny Han. The studio also
announced that the sci-fi action film The Tomorrow War from Skydance Media starring Chris Pratt will premiere on
July 2.
Amazon announced that Prime Video will become the exclusive home for Thursday Night Football beginning in
2023 making Prime Video the first streaming service to secure an exclusive national broadcast package from the
NFL. The 10-year deal gives tens of millions of U.S. Prime members exclusive access to must-watch live football on
Prime Video and also expands the Thursday Night Football package from 11 to 15 regular-season games.
Amazon, the New York Yankees, and YES Network announced 21 regular-season games will stream on Prime Video
in 2021. All games will be available to stream throughout New York State, Connecticut, northeast Pennsylvania, and
north and central New Jersey at no additional cost to Prime members. All Yankees games on Prime Video this season
will feature Amazon's exclusive X-Ray technology, which gives real-time access to live in-game stats, team and player
details, and real-time play-by-play information. In addition, Prime Video will air a new 15-minute pregame show
ahead of the first pitch for every Prime Video broadcast.
The Live Sports offering for Prime Video continues to grow internationally. In the first quarter, Prime Video broadcast
five additional Premier League football matches in the UK. Prime Video also kicked off 2021 coverage of the ATP and
WTA Tour tennis tournaments, including exclusive coverage of the Miami Open. In Australia, Prime Video announced
an exclusive, two-year, live broadcast streaming deal to distribute the Australian Swimming championship events
globally on Prime Video at no additional cost to Prime members.
