•
including 71 utility-scale wind and solar projects and 135 rooftop solar installations at facilities and stores worldwide.
Amazon is now the largest corporate purchaser of renewable energy globally as well as in Europe, where the company
is investing in more than 2.5 gigawatts of renewable energy capacity—enough to power more than two million homes
a year.
Amazon welcomed 52 new signatories to The Climate Pledge, a commitment co-founded by Amazon and Global
Optimism to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement 10 years early and achieve net-zero carbon by 2040. More than
100 companies representing over $1.4 trillion in global annual revenues and over five million employees have now
joined the pledge, sending an important signal to the market that there will be rapid growth in demand for products and
services that help reduce carbon emissions. New signatories include Alaska Airlines, Colgate-Palmolive, HEINEKEN,
PepsiCo, Telefónica, and Visa.
The Climate Pledge Fund invested in Infinium, a renewable electrofuels solution provider, and Turntide Technologies,
an electric motor company. These investments help Amazon and other companies meet the goals of The Climate
Pledge as we all work together to protect the planet.
Amazon announced a partnership with Mahindra Electric, a manufacturer of electric vehicles (EVs), to deploy nearly
100 Treo Zor electric vehicles in seven Indian cities as part of Amazon India's plan to include 10,000 EVs in its
delivery fleet by 2025. These EVs are in addition to The Climate Pledge's commitment to have 100,000 EVs in
Amazon's delivery fleet by 2030.
Empowering Small and Medium-Sized Businesses
•
•
•
Shopping
In recognition of International Women's Day and Women's History Month, Amazon partnered with Diane von
Furstenberg to help empower more than 100 women-owned businesses by launching dedicated women-owned small
business stores in the U.S. and a dozen other countries around the world, making it easy for customers to discover and
learn about women-owned sellers and shop from their selection of thousands of products. To help raise awareness of
women-owned businesses and support their success, von Furstenberg hosted a virtual event on Amazon Live and
shared her own experience and insights on being an entrepreneur.
Amazon celebrated Black History Month by launching a Black-owned small business store with products from third-
party sellers, enabling customers to discover and shop from Black business owners. Amazon also hosted an Amazon
Live event with celebrities and entrepreneurs Tia Mowry and Karamo Brown during which Black Amazon sellers
shared their insights about launching and building a small business.
Amazon announced the Amazon Launchpad Innovation Awards, a free competition designed to support emerging,
innovative European startups. A judging panel will select five startups to each win a €10,000 grant and free access to
Amazon Launchpad for one year. The "Startup of the Year” winner will receive an additional €90,000 grant.
Amazon India announced it has digitized 2.5 million small and medium-sized businesses, enabled cumulative exports
worth $3 billion, and announced the $250 million Amazon Smbhav Venture Fund. The fund will encourage the best
ideas to digitize small and medium-sized businesses, drive technology-led innovation in agriculture to improve farmer
productivity, and enable healthcare access.
Amazon India announced that more than 50,000 offline retailers and neighborhood stores joined the Local Shops on
Amazon program in its first year. It also committed to bringing one million Local Shops online by 2025. Launched in
April 2020, the Local Shops on Amazon program helps sellers sustain their livelihoods and jumpstart their businesses.
There are now more than 200 million paid Prime members worldwide. Members have exclusive access to deals every
day and especially during Prime Day, which will take place later in the second quarter.
Amazon continues to innovate and invest in fast, free, and convenient delivery for customers. In the U.S., Same-Day
Delivery in as fast as five hours is free on orders over $35 on over three million items in select cities. This is in
addition to Free Same-Day Delivery on millions of items in thousands of cities and towns across 47 major U.S. metro
areas, plus over 10 million items available for Free One-Day Delivery coast to coast. These fast and efficient deliveries
