•
•
•
•
•
are powered by Amazon's last mile network of delivery driver partners—small businesses creating tens of thousands
of new jobs across the country.
Amazon continues to expand Amazon Scout, a fully electric autonomous delivery system. Similar in size to a small
cooler on wheels, Amazon Scout rolls down the sidewalk at walking pace and delivers items right to customers. Since
its launch, Scout has delivered tens of thousands of packages to customers in California, Georgia, Tennessee, and
Washington, and the program is continuing to expand to new communities in the U.S.
The new Prime prescription savings benefit offers pharmacy savings at more than 60,000 participating pharmacies in
the U.S., including Amazon Pharmacy. Amazon has helped Prime members save millions of dollars on prescription
medications so far this year when paying without insurance, both at Amazon Pharmacy and other local pharmacies.
Amazon expanded Discover Rooms, an immersive shopping experience that helps customers browse and shop from
thousands of home room designs and instantly discover home furnishing product inspiration based on visual attributes.
The experience is now available in nine countries, including Canada, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Spain, UK,
and the U.S.
Prime Wardrobe, Amazon's "try before you buy” offering, expanded selection and launched new innovations for
customers, including the ability to chat live with Amazon Stylists for personalized recommendations and trial items
recommended by their favorite fashion influencers and websites.
In the U.S., Amazon launched an expanded assortment of NFL merchandise, including replica jerseys and hats, at
amazon.com/NFL. Customers can now shop thousands of additional products on Amazon from NFL Pro Line,
Fanatics, New Era, Outerstuff, '47, and other top brands. Amazon also made enhancements to the sports fan shopping
experience, including improved navigation in Your Fanshop and personalized game celebrations for customers'
favorite teams.
Amazon's Counterfeit Crimes Unit continues to work aggressively with law enforcement, industry associations, brand
owners, and academics to bring counterfeit to zero. Examples this quarter include working with the U.S. National
Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center to prevent counterfeit Super Bowl LV merchandise from reaching
consumers and partnering with Pennsylvania-based, family-owned card game maker Dutch Blitz and Italian luxury
brand Salvatore Ferragamo to file lawsuits against multiple counterfeiters and hold them accountable to the fullest
extent of the law.
In March, Amazon launched Amazon.pl, offering Polish customers a selection of more than 100 million products
across more than 30 categories, including products from thousands of European and local Polish businesses. Amazon
has been operating in Poland since 2014, has created over 18,000 permanent jobs, and will open its tenth fulfillment
center in Swiebodzin in 2021, adding more than 1,000 new jobs to Amazon's existing network in Poland.
Amazon opened its first international physical retail stores powered by Just Walk Out technology with the launch of
three Amazon Fresh locations in London. These new convenience grocery stores sell a range of products, including the
new "by Amazon” private brand, and enable shoppers to enter a store, grab what they want, and leave without stopping
to check out. There are now 15 Amazon Fresh physical stores around the world.
Amazon Fresh grocery stores expanded into four new communities in the U.S.: Oak Lawn, Illinois; Bloomingdale,
Illinois; Fullerton, California; and Long Beach, California, creating hundreds of regular full- and part-time jobs in each
community with starting wages of at least $15 per hour and comprehensive benefits.
Amazon announced that millions of Prime members now have access to Key In-Garage Grocery Delivery in more than
5,000 cities and towns in the U.S., enabling them to enjoy free, contactless, and secure in-garage delivery of grocery
orders from Whole Foods Market and Amazon Fresh.
Amazon One a fast, convenient, contactless way for people to use their palm to enter, identify, and pay-launched as
a payment option at Whole Foods Market, starting with the Madison Broadway store in Seattle. Amazon One will be
added as a payment option at additional Whole Foods Market stores in the Seattle area in the coming months.
