Amazon Music continues to expand its international reach of podcasts, launching localized offerings in France, Italy,
Spain, and India for customers across all streaming tiers, at no additional cost. Amazon Music also announced the
integration of artist merchandise into the Amazon Music app, providing a new shopping experience for music fans.
Customers can now shop a curated, Prime-eligible selection of artist merchandise while listening to their favorite
music, uninterrupted.
Amazon Devices and Services
•
•
Amazon introduced the next generation of Echo Buds, featuring an all-new design, premium audio, custom-designed
Active Noise Cancellation technology, wireless charging capabilities, improved microphones, and hands-free access to
Alexa.
Amazon announced Build It, a new Day 1 Editions program that gives customers a say in the devices Amazon builds
next. The first wave of concepts included a Smart Sticky Note Printer, a Smart Nutrition Scale, and a Smart Cuckoo
Clock. In just three days, the Smart Sticky Note Printer hit its pre-order goal and is being built.
Amazon announced new Alexa features, such as Music Sharing with Alexa, which allows users to share songs with
friends and family who are Alexa contacts, and Alexa for Xbox, which gives U.S. and Canadian customers more ways
to interact with their consoles using their voice—such as asking Alexa to download games remotely through Xbox's
Game Pass service.
Amazon launched a new Alexa Prize TaskBot Challenge, in which university teams will compete to develop
conversational AI agents to help customers complete tasks requiring multiple steps and decisions. It is the first
conversational AI challenge to incorporate multimodal-voice and vision—customer experiences.
As part of the Fairness in AI program, the National Science Foundation and Amazon announced the next cohort of 37
researchers focused on 11 projects covering a range of topics, including: theoretical and algorithmic foundations;
principles for human interaction with AI systems; technologies such as natural language understanding and computer
vision; and applications including hiring decisions, education, criminal justice, and human services.
Ring introduced Ring Video Doorbell Pro 2 and Ring Floodlight Cam Wired Pro, both featuring 3D Motion Detection
and Bird's Eye View powered by radar technology. Ring also announced several other products and features, including
Ring Video Doorbell 4, Smart Responses and Geofence for compatible devices, and Ring Alarm (2nd Gen) for the UK
and Europe.
Amazon launched the Alexa Built-in experience in Lamborghini's Huracán EVO, the first vehicle to offer online car
control capabilities with Alexa embedded. Amazon also launched the first application of the Alexa Connected Vehicle
Skills API with Nissan, and Garmin announced it is the first Tier 1 automotive supplier to integrate Alexa Custom
Assistant in its In-Vehicle Infotainment systems. Jeep announced Wagoneer and Grand Wagoneer models will be the
first to launch Fire TV for Auto, an on-the-go entertainment experience.
Amazon Web Services
AWS announced significant customer momentum, with new commitments and migrations from customers spanning
many major industries.
•
•
In telecommunications, DISH is leveraging AWS's advanced, reliable, and secure infrastructure to build a
cloud-based, 5G Open Radio Access Network (O-RAN) to deliver consistent, cost-effective performance
from the cloud to the edge of the network.
The media and entertainment industry continues to move to AWS at a rapid pace with The Walt Disney
Company working with AWS on the expansion of Disney+ to more than 100 million subscribers around the
world.
Some of the world's most renowned sports leagues are choosing AWS as their technology provider to
transform the fan experience. For example, the National Hockey League (NHL) uses artificial intelligence,
machine learning, and other AWS technologies to create new viewing experiences and in-depth stats and
analytics, and the PGA TOUR (TOUR) uses AWS cloud and machine learning technologies to transform the
