In India, Amazon announced it has added nearly 300,000 new direct and indirect jobs since its last announcement in
January 2020, putting the company on track to meet its pledge to create an additional one million new jobs in India by
2025.
Supporting Communities
•
•
•
Amazon donated and delivered relief and emergency aid supplies—including over one million bottles of water and
thousands of items such as flashlights, tents, and search and rescue equipment—to communities impacted by the
winter storm crisis in Texas and Mississippi in February and severe storms in Tennessee and Alabama in March.
Amazon Future Engineer, the company's computer science education program for students from underserved
communities, launched in France and Canada. With this expansion, the program now reaches over one million students
globally each year. Amazon Future Engineer also donated $15 million to Code.org to develop a new equity-minded
Advanced Placement computer science curriculum, which aims to increase access, participation, and long-term
success for high school students from communities underrepresented in tech.
Amazon announced a year-long partnership with The King Memorial Foundation, the organization responsible for
building and maintaining the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial in Washington, D.C. Over the next year, AWS will
support the Memorial Foundation's Social Justice Fellows Program, which aims to help program participants develop
their professional skills by providing them with mentorship opportunities with Amazon employees, as well as free
cloud and STEM training and certification. For the partnership kick-off, Amazon joined the Foundation in a Day of
Service project, delivering essential, personal care items to shelters in seven D.C. wards.
Since January, Amazon has opened its Seattle campus to Virginia Mason Franciscan Health for public COVID-19
vaccinations. As of April 15, nearly 50,000 immunizations have been administered to the public through weekend pop-
up clinics staffed by Amazon and community volunteers. Amazon is also providing volunteers and technology to
support the Washington State vaccine call center. Since the initiative launched in late March, the system has processed
over 100,000 calls and has eliminated wait times.
Amazon continued its efforts to support children in need across Europe during the COVID-19 pandemic. In the UK,
Amazon donated 10,000 Fire tablets to schools lacking technology and delivered more than four million breakfasts to
children in need through charity partner Magic Breakfast. In Italy and Spain, Amazon donated millions of euros to
over 35,000 schools through a program that allows customers to choose the schools to which Amazon will donate.
Since 2019, Amazon has worked with the U.S. Department of Agriculture and state agencies to ensure customers in
nearly all 50 states can shop for groceries on Amazon using Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)
benefits. Amazon remains committed to increasing food access in the U.S.—especially in healthy food priority areas—
and is helping raise awareness among residents about the convenient, safe, and affordably priced grocery delivery
options Amazon offers their communities. As part of its ongoing work to increase food access, Amazon is establishing
partnerships with local anti-hunger organizations to assist communities in need.
Amazon added new Alexa features to help provide localized answers to questions on COVID-19 testing and vaccine
eligibility, including the ability for customers to find and call nearby vaccine locations for booking appointments.
Ring announced a new community program with Kids Off the Block, a Chicago-based nonprofit focused on providing
local at-risk youth a care center for personal growth and empowerment. Ring also donated 1,000 Ring Video Doorbells
and Ring subscriptions to support families and individuals in Chicago neighborhoods.
Amazon introduced the Alexa Hörfilm skill in Germany, providing blind and visually-impaired customers with access
to more than 3,500 TV series and movies with audio description. The skill was developed and built together with
DBSV, the German association of blind or visually-impaired persons, and participating TV stations ARD, ZDF, and
ARTE.
The Climate Pledge
Amazon continues to make progress toward powering all its businesses with 100% renewable energy by 2025-five
s ahead of the original target of 2030. Amazon has announced a total of 206 renewable energy projects globally,
years
