Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
To better execute on Microsoft's mission, we focus our Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
efforts where we can have the most positive impact. To learn more about our latest initiatives and
priorities, please visit our investor relations ESG website.
Webcast Details
Satya Nadella, chairman and chief executive officer, Amy Hood, executive vice president and chief financial
officer, Alice Jolla, chief accounting officer, Keith Dolliver, deputy general counsel, and Brett Iversen,
general manager of investor relations, will host a conference call and webcast at 2:30 p.m. Pacific time
(5:30 p.m. Eastern time) today to discuss details of the company's performance for the quarter and certain
forward-looking information. The session may be accessed at http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/investor.
The webcast will be available for replay through the close of business on July 27, 2022.
Non-GAAP Definition
The India Supreme Court Decision Impact. In March 2021, the India Supreme Court issued a decision on
withholding taxes in the case of Engineering Analysis Centre of Excellence Private Limited vs The
Commissioner of Income Tax. Microsoft has historically paid India withholding taxes on software sales
through distributor withholding and tax audit assessments in India. The India Supreme Court ruled
favorably for companies in 86 separate appeals, some dating back to 2012, holding that software sales are
not subject to India withholding taxes. Although Microsoft was not a party to the appeals, Microsoft's
software sales in India were determined to be not subject to withholding taxes. Therefore, Microsoft
recorded a net income tax benefit of $620 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2021 to reflect the
results of the India Supreme Court decision impacting fiscal year 1996 through fiscal year 2016.
Microsoft has provided non-GAAP financial measures related to the India Supreme Court decision to aid
investors in better understanding our performance. Microsoft believes these non-GAAP measures assist
investors by providing additional insight into its operational performance and help clarify trends affecting
its business. For comparability of reporting, management considers non-GAAP measures in conjunction
with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) financial results in evaluating business performance.
The non-GAAP financial measures presented in this release should not be considered as a substitute for,
or superior to, the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.
