Transfer of Intangible Properties. In the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, Microsoft transferred certain
intangible properties from our Puerto Rico subsidiary to the United States. The transfer of intangible
properties resulted in a net tax benefit of $3.3 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2022, as the value of
future United States tax deductions exceeds the current tax liability from the United States Global
Intangible Low-Taxed Income tax.
The India Supreme Court Decision Impact. In March 2021, the India Supreme Court issued a decision on
withholding taxes in the case of Engineering Analysis Centre of Excellence Private Limited vs The
Commissioner of Income Tax. Microsoft has historically paid India withholding taxes on software sales
through distributor withholding and tax audit assessments in India. The India Supreme Court ruled
favorably for companies in 86 separate appeals, some dating back to 2012, holding that software sales are
not subject to India withholding taxes. Although Microsoft was not a party to the appeals, Microsoft's
software sales in India were determined to be not subject to withholding taxes. Therefore, Microsoft
recorded a net income tax benefit of $620 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2021 to reflect the
results of the India Supreme Court decision impacting fiscal year 1996 through fiscal year 2016.
Microsoft has provided non-GAAP financial measures related to the transfer of intangible properties and
the India Supreme Court decision to aid investors in better understanding our performance. Microsoft
believes these non-GAAP measures assist investors by providing additional insight into its operational
performance and help clarify trends affecting its business. For comparability of reporting, management
considers non-GAAP measures in conjunction with GAAP financial results in evaluating business
performance. The non-GAAP financial measures presented in this release should not be considered as a
substitute for, or superior to, the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Constant Currency
Microsoft presents constant currency information to provide a framework for assessing how our
underlying businesses performed excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. To present this
information, current and comparative prior period results for entities reporting in currencies other than
United States dollars are converted into United States dollars using the average exchange rates from the
comparative period rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods. All
growth comparisons relate to the corresponding period in the last fiscal year. Microsoft has provided this
non-GAAP financial information to aid investors in better understanding our performance. The non-GAAP
financial measures presented in this release should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to,
the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Financial Performance Constant Currency Reconciliation
Three Months Ended June 30,
Diluted
($ in millions, except per share amounts)
Revenue
2021 As Reported (GAAP)
2022 As Reported (GAAP)
Percentage Change Y/Y (GAAP)
$46,152
Operating
Income
$19,095
$51,865
$20,534
Net
Income
$16,458
$16,740
Earnings
per Share
$2.17
$2.23
12%
8%
2%
3%
Constant Currency Impact
$(1,685)
$(1,159)
Percentage Change Y/Y (non-GAAP) Constant Currency
16%
14%
$(825)
7%
$(0.11)
8%
Twelve Months Ended June 30,
