Microsoft Cloud Strength Drives Fourth Quarter Results
REDMOND, Wash. — July 26, 2022 — Microsoft Corp. today announced the following results for the
quarter ended June 30, 2022, as compared to the corresponding period of last fiscal year:
•
•
Revenue was $51.9 billion and increased 12% (up 16% in constant currency)
Operating income was $20.5 billion and increased 8% (up 14% in constant currency)
Net income was $16.7 billion and increased 2% (up 7% in constant currency)
Diluted earnings per share was $2.23 and increased 3% (up 8% in constant currency)
"We see real opportunity to help every customer in every industry use digital technology to overcome
today's challenges and emerge stronger," said Satya Nadella, chairman and chief executive officer of
Microsoft. "No company is better positioned than Microsoft to help organizations deliver on their digital
imperative - so they can do more with less."
“In a dynamic environment we saw strong demand, took share, and increased customer commitment to
our cloud platform. Commercial bookings grew 25% and Microsoft Cloud revenue was $25 billion, up 28%
year over year," said Amy Hood, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Microsoft. “As we
begin a new fiscal year, we remain committed to balancing operational discipline with continued
investments in key strategic areas to drive future growth."
Impact of Recent Events
In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, evolving macroeconomic conditions and other unforeseen items
had an impact on financial results beyond what was included in our forward-looking guidance provided
on April 26, 2022.
•
Unfavorable foreign exchange rate movement within the quarter negatively impacted revenue
and diluted earnings per share $(595) million and $(0.04), respectively. Additional details are
provided in the Earnings Call Slides.
Extended production shutdowns in China that continued through May and a deteriorating PC
market in June contributed to a negative impact on Windows OEM revenue of over $(300) million
Reductions in advertising spend contributed to a negative impact on LinkedIn as well as Search
and news advertising revenue of over $(100) million
With the ongoing war in Ukraine, we made the decision to significantly scale down our operations
in Russia. As a result, we recorded operating expenses of $126 million related to bad debt
expense, asset impairments, and severance.
As part of a strategic realignment of our business groups, we recorded employee severance
expenses of $113 million, excluding Russia
Business Highlights
Revenue in Productivity and Business Processes was $16.6 billion and increased 13% (up 17% in constant
currency), with the following business highlights:
