•
brings together premium free content that spans diverse customer interests from a growing list of household names like
ABC News, CBS Sports HQ, FOX Sports, Major League Baseball, NBC News Now, Martha Stewart, and America's
Test Kitchen.
Introduced new, more advanced machine learning models to help advertisers reach previously unaddressable audiences
with Amazon Ads. The new machine learning models analyze a range of signals to help advertisers predict and reach
highly relevant audiences with optimal cost-efficiency, which is critical to reaching desired audiences as the
advertising industry moves away from third-party cookies. Performance improvements include an increase in click-
through rate, an increase in return on ad spend, and a decrease in cost per impression.
Launched Amazon Hub Delivery in the U.S. In this flexible delivery program, Amazon partners with local businesses,
such as florists or dry cleaners, to deliver packages for Amazon. Partners receive packages each morning and can make
deliveries when it works best for their schedule. Amazon's goal is to onboard 2,500 partners in 23 states by the end of
2023.
Supporting employees, delivery service partners, communities, and the environment
In addition to its focus on customers, Amazon strives to make every day better for its employees and delivery service partners.
Amazon also believes that success and scale bring broad responsibility to help the planet, future generations, and local
communities in which the company has a significant presence. For example, the company:
•
•
•
Was named the top corporate giver in the Puget Sound metro region by the Puget Sound Business Journal and in the
Washington, D.C., metro region by The Washington Business Journal. Amazon was recognized for donations to more
than 300 local organizations, supporting equity in education, affordable housing, and regional economic development.
Doubled the capacity of Amazon's Disaster Relief Hub in Atlanta, Georgia, where 2.4 million relief items were pre-
positioned ahead of the 2023 hurricane season. Items are distributed in the wake of natural disasters to nonprofits and
other aid partners that quickly help communities impacted by hurricanes or other disasters. Amazon also launched a
Disaster Relief Hub in Japan, bringing Amazon's global total number of Disaster Relief hubs to five.
Awarded 400 scholarships for students from underserved and underrepresented communities to attend a U.S. college
or university through Amazon Future Engineer, the company's computer science education program. Since launching
the program five years ago, Amazon has awarded $38 million in scholarships to 950 U.S. students who are also
granted paid internships at Amazon.
Committed to hire at least 5,000 displaced refugees in Europe by 2026 and expanded Amazon's Welcome Door
program to Australia, Germany, and Poland. The program, which launched in 2022 in the U.S., provides resources and
support to refugee and humanitarian-based immigrant employees.
Announced that in 2022 in North America, more than 7 million products were shipped without additional Amazon
packaging. This is part of the company's efforts to reduce excess packaging for customer orders without
compromising delivery speed or product care with Amazon's Ship In Own Container program, where items are
shipped without additional packaging.
Announced the global expansion of Amazon's Cancer Advocacy, Resources, Education, and Support (CARES)
program by the end of 2023 for all Amazon employees and family members with cancer. CARES helps alleviate stress
related to working while sick and helps with accessing the best possible care, benefits management, health system
navigation, appointment scheduling, paperwork, and more. The program started in 2022 and operates in 23 countries.
Opened Metropolitan Park (“Met Park”), the first phase of Amazon's second headquarters, in Arlington, Virginia. The
2.1 million-square-foot development includes over 50,000 square feet of retail space that prioritizes local minority- and
women-owned businesses, protected bike lanes, over 2.5 acres of public park space, and will operate with zero carbon
emissions. Other features include low-carbon concrete, water capture and reuse, and landscaped roofs where plantings
will reduce buildings' energy consumption.
Ranked No. 1 on LinkedIn's Top Companies, an annual list of the most sought-after places to work and grow a career
in the U.S., Japan, and Spain; No. 1 on the Harvard CAPS Harris Poll of Most Favorable Institutions, ahead of all
other companies and government institutions, including the U.S. military; No. 3 on Boston Consulting Group's annual
Most Innovative Companies report; and No. 3 on Morning Consult's Most Trusted Brands list. Amazon also ranked in
the top 10 for the 15th consecutive year on the Axios Harris Poll 100, an annual ranking of the reputation of the most
visible companies in America.
