•
HSBC launched an AI-powered index that uses AWS machine learning services to analyze and learn from
data thousands of times faster than humans, enabling the index to automatically adapt its approach as market
dynamics change and new information becomes available.
AWS continued to expand its infrastructure footprint to meet customer demand, launching AWS Local Zones in
Auckland, New Zealand, and Manila, Philippines, and an Amazon CloudFront location in Nigeria.
Inventing on behalf of customers
Amazon is driven by a passion for invention across all of its business areas. The company builds new products and services that
customers ask for, and also invents new ones that customers didn't know they wanted but make their lives or businesses better
in some meaningful way. For example, Amazon:
•
Announced new AWS technologies and capabilities that help customers of all sizes take advantage of generative AI,
improve productivity, and enhance their security posture. These include:
•
More choice for Amazon Bedrock customers with the addition of Cohere as a foundation model provider and
the latest foundation models from Anthropic and Stability AI.
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
Agents for Amazon Bedrock, a capability that makes it easier for developers to create generative-AI based
applications that can complete complex tasks and deliver customized, up-to-date answers based on
proprietary data.
AWS HealthScribe, a new HIPAA-eligible service for healthcare software providers that uses speech
recognition and generative AI to automatically create preliminary clinical documentation from patient-
clinician conversations.
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) P5 instances, the latest generation instances optimized for
generative AI and HPC, powered by NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPUs.
AWS AppFabric, a service that helps IT and security teams more easily manage and secure applications.
The general availability of Amazon Security Lake, which centralizes security data from AWS, on-premises,
and other cloud environments, into a purpose-built data lake. This gives customers broad visibility to
investigate and respond to security events.
New capabilities for Amazon GuardDuty, AWS's threat detection service that helps protect customers from
the latest threats using machine learning, anomaly detection, and integrated threat intelligence. New
capabilities include new container runtime protection for Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS),
extended coverage for data stored in Amazon Aurora, and support for serverless applications in AWS
Lambda.
Amazon Aurora I/O-Optimized, a new configuration for Amazon Aurora (AWS's high-performance, fully-
managed relational database service) that offers improved price performance and predictable pricing for
customers with input/output (I/O)-intensive applications.
The AWS Generative AI Innovation Center to help customers successfully build and deploy generative AI
solutions. AWS is investing $100 million in the program, which will connect AWS AI and machine learning
experts with customers around the globe to help them envision, design, and launch new generative AI
products, services, and processes.
Introduced new Echo devices to give customers more choices for how to access Alexa. Echo Pop features a new
hardware design with a front-facing directional speaker; Echo Show 5 features a redesigned speaker and new space-
themed design for the Echo Show 5 Kids; and wireless Echo Buds deliver high-quality audio and access to Alexa on
the go. To date, Amazon has sold more than half a billion Alexa-enabled devices globally.
Expanded the Amazon Fire tablet family with the Fire Max 11, Amazon's biggest and most powerful tablet with an
11-inch display, durable and eco-friendly design, processor that's almost 50% faster than any other Amazon tablet, 14
hours of battery life, fingerprint recognition, and Alexa integration.
Expanded offerings of Alexa Smart Properties—which delivers Alexa experiences in hotels, vacation rentals,
apartments, and other properties—to include Atria Management Company, which is bringing Alexa to its senior living
facilities across the U.S., and Circa Resort & Casino, which is adding Alexa to all of its hotel rooms in Las Vegas,
Nevada.
Announced Fire TV Channels, a free ad-supported service that offers Fire TV customers access to content from over
400 providers like NHL, Xbox, and TMZ. Customers can watch live, on-demand, and short-form content in categories
such as news, sports, music videos, entertainment, food and cooking, video games, and travel. Fire TV Channels
