•
•
Net income was $30.4 billion in 2023, or $2.90 per diluted share, compared with a net loss of $2.7 billion, or $0.27
per
diluted share, in 2022.
2023 net income includes a pre-tax valuation gain of $0.8 billion included in non-operating income (expense)
from the common stock investment in Rivian Automotive, Inc., compared to a pre-tax valuation loss of $12.7
billion from the investment in 2022.
Operating cash flow increased 82% to $84.9 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with $46.8 billion for
the trailing twelve months ended December 31, 2022.
Free cash flow improved to an inflow of $36.8 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with an outflow of
$11.6 billion for the trailing twelve months ended December 31, 2022.
Free cash flow less principal repayments of finance leases and financing obligations improved to an inflow of
$32.2 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with an outflow of $19.8 billion for the trailing twelve months
ended December 31, 2022.
Free cash flow less equipment finance leases and principal repayments of all other finance leases and financing
obligations improved to an inflow of $35.5 billion for the trailing twelve months, compared with an outflow of $12.8
billion for the trailing twelve months ended December 31, 2022.
"This Q4 was a record-breaking Holiday shopping season and closed out a robust 2023 for Amazon," said Andy Jassy, Amazon
CEO. "While we made meaningful revenue, operating income, and free cash flow progress, what we're most pleased with is the
continued invention and customer experience improvements across our businesses. The regionalization of our U.S. fulfillment
network led to our fastest-ever delivery speeds for Prime members while also lowering our cost to serve; AWS's continued
long-term focus on customers and feature delivery, coupled with new genAI capabilities like Bedrock, Q, and Trainium have
resonated with customers and are starting to be reflected in our overall results; our Advertising services continue to improve
and drive positive results; our newer businesses are progressing nicely, and along with our more established businesses,
collectively making customers' lives easier and better every day. As we enter 2024, our teams are delivering at a rapid clip, and
we have a lot in front of us to be excited about."
Highlights
Obsessing over the customer experience
Amazon obsesses over how to make customers' lives better and easier every day with new and improved products and services.
This is true for consumers, sellers, brands, developers, enterprises, and creators. For example, Amazon:
•
•
Held a record-breaking Black Friday and Cyber Monday holiday shopping event. Customers worldwide purchased
more than 1 billion items on Amazon and saved nearly 70% more during the 11 days of deals compared to the same
period in 2022. In the U.S., customers ordered more than 500 million items from independent sellers, most of which
are small and medium-sized businesses, and millions of customers signed up for a Prime membership. Through the
entire holiday season, customers purchased more items on Amazon than during any previous holiday season.
Continued to delight customers with fast and convenient delivery. In 2023, Amazon delivered to Prime members at the
fastest speeds ever globally, with more than 7 billion units arriving the same or next day, including more than 4 billion
in the U.S. and more than 2 billion in Europe. Amazon now offers Same-Day Delivery in more than 110 U.S. metro
areas and operates more than 55 dedicated Same-Day sites across the U.S. The company increased the number of items
delivered through these sites the same day or overnight by more than 65% year-over-year in the fourth quarter and
celebrated the delivery of its billionth package from a Same-Day site in December 2023.
Entered a strategic partnership with Hyundai to bring innovative new experiences to customers. In 2024, Amazon will
launch online vehicle sales in the U.S., starting with Hyundai. In addition, Hyundai selected AWS as its preferred
cloud provider to accelerate its digital transformation, and starting in 2025, customers who purchase Hyundai's next-
generation vehicles will have access in their vehicles to the same hands-free Alexa experience that they have at home.
Announced that Prime members in the U.S. can now add health care from One Medical to their Prime membership for
$9 per month (or $99 annually) and include up to five additional family members for $6 per month each, making it
easier for Prime members to get high-quality primary care in the U.S. This represents savings of up to $100 off the
standard One Medical membership fee for individuals and up to $133 for families.
Expanded Amazon Fresh grocery delivery and free pickup to customers without a Prime membership in the U.S. The
company also redesigned multiple Amazon Fresh stores in the UK and U.S. and opened several new Whole Foods
