•
•
•
•
Fit Review Highlights with personalized feedback from customers who wear the same size, and improved size charts
that make it easier for customers to find relevant information in a more visually engaging way. Amazon also developed
a Fit Insights Tool to help brands and selling partners better understand customer fit issues and incorporate feedback
into future designs and manufacturing.
Announced Rufus, a new generative AI-powered conversational shopping experience. Rufus is an expert shopping
assistant trained on Amazon's product catalog and information from across the web to answer customer questions on
shopping needs, products, and comparisons, make recommendations based on this context, and facilitate product
discovery. Customers can simply start typing or speaking their questions into the search bar in the Amazon Shopping
app, or choose from a set of pre-populated questions, and Amazon will provide answers via a chat dialog box to help
customers make more informed purchase decisions. Rufus launched in beta to a small subset of customers and will
progressively roll out to the rest of Amazon's U.S. customers in the coming weeks.
Introduced new advertising tools to help brands connect with customers and grow their businesses, including:
•
•
•
•
A generative AI solution to help brands produce lifestyle imagery that can improve the performance of their
ads while also making them more engaging.
A sponsored TV offering to enable brands that sell in Amazon's U.S. store to run streaming TV ad campaigns
with no minimum spend on Amazon Freevee, Twitch, and third-party streaming services through Fire TV
apps.
More than 15 new advertising capabilities, including enhanced audience insights and advanced campaign
planning, activation, and optimization controls that help advertisers more efficiently reach relevant audiences
and drive meaningful business outcomes.
Amazon Publisher Cloud, a tool built on AWS Clean Rooms' secure data collaboration environment, that
enables publishers to analyze first-party data together with Amazon Ads insights and offer custom media buys
for advertisers that improve campaign performance.
Achieved a 100% success rate for Project Kuiper's Protoflight mission. The mission validated key technologies that
underpin the satellite broadband network, allowing Project Kuiper to scale satellite production ahead of full-scale
deployment beginning this year. Project Kuiper also announced a private connectivity service with AWS, which will
allow customers to send data from remote locations directly to the cloud without relying on public internet, as well as a
collaboration with Japan's leading mobile network provider, Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation, and
Asia's largest satellite operator, SKY Perfect JSAT Corporation.
Held the 12th AWS re:Invent conference, which welcomed over 50,000 in-person attendees and more than 300,000
virtually, where AWS announced new technologies and capabilities that help customers of all sizes take advantage of
generative AI, improve productivity, and enhance their security posture. These include:
•
•
•
Amazon Q, the coding companion from AWS. Q is an expert on AWS-it writes code, debugs code, tests
code, and does translations, such as moving from an old version of Java to a new one. It can also query AWS
customers' various data repositories (e.g. intranets, wikis, and from over 40 different popular connectors to
data stored using Salesforce, Amazon S3, ServiceNow, Slack, Atlassian, or Zendesk) to answer questions,
summarize data, carry on a conversation, and take action. Like all AWS services, Q was designed with
security and privacy in mind from the start, making it easier for organizations to use generative AI safely. Q is
the most capable work assistant available and keeps getting better.
Expanded model choice and added new capabilities for Amazon Bedrock, AWS's fully-managed service for
leveraging existing large language models (LLMs) and customizing them with their own data—all without
sacrificing the leading security, reliability, and operational performance that is synonymous with AWS. AWS
is continuing to rapidly iterate on Bedrock, recently delivering capabilities including Guardrails to safeguard
what questions applications will answer, Knowledge Bases to expand models' knowledge base with Retrieval
Augmented Generation, Agents to complete multi-step tasks, and Fine-Tuning to keep teaching and refining
models, all to help customers' applications be higher quality and offer better customer experiences. With
Bedrock, AWS offers a choice of high-performing FMs from leading AI companies and added the latest new
models from Anthropic, Cohere, Meta, Stability AI, and its own Amazon Titan family of FMs, expanding
customers' choice of industry-leading models to support a variety of use cases. Customers want a service that
makes this experimenting and iterating simple, and this is what Bedrock does, which is why customers are so
excited about it.
New capabilities in Amazon SageMaker to accelerate building, training, and deploying LLMs and other FMs.
Amazon SageMaker HyperPod reduces time to train FMs by up to 40% by providing purpose-built
