•
legal assistance to organizations helping refugees seek resettlement in Europe. Amazon also pledged to support the
immediate and longer-term needs of Ukrainian refugees by joining the Tent Partnership for Refugees, a global
nonprofit and network of 200 companies that helps integrate refugees into new communities.
Amazon announced it has allocated more than half of the Housing Equity Fund's $2 billion commitment to create and
preserve affordable housing for families in Amazon's hometown communities of the Puget Sound region of
Washington state; the Arlington, Virginia, region; and Nashville, Tennessee. The Fund has a strong focus on transit-
oriented affordable housing development and recently awarded funds to create more than 1,000 new affordable
housing units on land owned by transit agencies or privately owned land within a 10-minute walk to quality public
transit stations.
Amazon launched a $1 billion venture investment program called the Amazon Industrial Innovation Fund to empower
companies that are developing emerging technologies in customer fulfillment, logistics, and the supply chain. Starting
with five recipients, the Fund will invest in companies imagining solutions that incrementally increase delivery speed
and further improve the experience of employees working in warehousing and logistics fields.
AWS launched a three-year, $30 million commitment to the AWS Impact Accelerator, a series of programs to help
early-stage startups led by Black, Latino, LGBTQIA+, and women founders build successful companies. Each
participating startup receives $225,000 in cash and credits, extensive training, mentoring and technical guidance, as
well as introductions to Amazon leaders and teams, networking opportunities with potential investors, and ongoing
advisory support.
The Arlington County Board approved Amazon's final plans for PenPlace, the next phase of the company's second
headquarters in Arlington, Virginia. Amazon's more than $2.5 billion investment in its Arlington headquarters will
include more than 4.5 acres of park space, two dog runs, and more than 150,000 square feet of retail and retail-
equivalent space (including two daycare centers), which will be accessible to the entire community. HQ2 will be
powered with 100% renewable energy through a combination of off-site and on-site solar projects. Amazon plans to
create 25,000 direct jobs in Arlington over the next decade, which together with the company's investment in the
surrounding area will help generate thousands of indirect jobs across the region.
Amazon Future Engineer, the company's global computer science education program for students from underserved
and historically underrepresented communities, awarded $40,000 college scholarships to 250 students across the U.S.
to study computer science. Since launching this program four years ago, Amazon has awarded $22 million in
scholarships to 550 students who are also granted paid internships at Amazon.
Amazon introduced new tools for sellers including New Seller Incentives, a suite of benefits (such as bonuses, credits,
and discounts) worth more than $50,000 in potential value, and the Perfect Launch playbook, a tool with actionable
steps for new-to-Amazon selling partners. Both tools help partners grow their brand, scale their business, and promote
their products to hundreds of millions of Amazon customers worldwide.
Amazon launched Road to Ownership, a 16-week accelerated training and development program that helps create a
pathway for delivery associates and team members of existing Delivery Service Partners (DSP) to start their career as
DSP small business owners. The program provides a comprehensive understanding of operating a DSP business and
fosters business acumen. Upon completion, participants receive a $30,000 grant to cover startup costs and living
expenses while they establish their business.
Protecting the Planet
•
Amazon welcomed nearly 100 new signatories to The Climate Pledge, including HARMAN, Maersk, SAP, Sunrun,
and Weyerhaeuser. The new signatories bring the total number of companies that have pledged to achieve net-zero
carbon emissions by 2040 to more than 300. Pledge signatories in total generate over $3.5 trillion in global annual
revenues and have more than 8 million employees across 51 industries in 29 countries.
Amazon is working with the U.S. Department of Energy to advance research on reducing plastic pollution through
innovation in materials and recycling. The effort is led by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, and Amazon's
team of materials scientists and experts is working with the laboratory to develop technologies and materials that will
enable the full life cycle of plastics to be net-zero carbon.
Amazon announced 37 new renewable energy projects around the world, marking significant progress on its ambitious
path to power 100% of company operations with renewable energy by 2025-five years ahead of the original target of
2030. The new projects increase Amazon's total capacity by nearly 30% and reinforce Amazon's leadership position
as the world's largest corporate buyer of renewable energy, with 310 renewable energy projects across 19 countries
and 15.7 gigawatts of clean energy capacity-enough electricity output to power 3.9 million U.S. homes annually.
