•
extends AWS Regions to place compute, storage, database, and other AWS services at the edge of the cloud near large
population, industry, and information technology centers. These new Local Zones expand AWS's infrastructure
footprint globally beyond its existing 84 Availability Zones in 26 geographic regions, enabling AWS customers to
build applications that deliver single-digit millisecond latency performance at the edge of the cloud to hundreds of
millions of people worldwide.
AWS announced the general availability of Amazon Aurora Serverless v2, the next generation of the Amazon Aurora
database that automatically scales in fine-grained increments in a fraction of a second-providing customers up to
90% cost savings compared to provisioning for peak capacity. Amazon Aurora Serverless v2 also includes Amazon
Aurora's capabilities for high availability, performance, and resiliency, with low latency and faster querying.
AWS announced the general availability of AWS IoT TwinMaker, which makes it significantly faster and easier for
developers to create digital twins of real-world systems like buildings, factories, industrial equipment, and production
lines helping more customers build applications that improve operational efficiency and reduce downtime. Digital
twins are virtual representations of physical systems that are regularly updated with real-world data to mimic the
structure, state, and behavior of the objects they represent.
AWS announced the general availability of AWS Amplify Studio, a new visual development environment for creating
rich user interfaces that extends the benefits of AWS Amplify to make it easier for developers to create fully
customizable web applications with minimal coding in days instead of weeks.
Investing in Employees and Our Workplace
•
For the second year in a row, Amazon ranked No. 1 in the U.S. on LinkedIn's annual Top Companies list, which
identifies the best companies for career growth based on their ability to attract and retain the best talent, including
through promotions, opportunities for employees of all backgrounds to gain new skills, company stability, and gender
diversity.
For the sixth year in a row, Amazon ranked No. 2 on Fortune magazine's World's Most Admired Companies list,
which evaluates corporate reputation based on factors such as quality of management and products, commitment to
social responsibility, and ability to attract talent.
Amazon achieved the Top Employer Certification by the Top Employers Institute for 2022 in France, Italy, Poland,
and Spain in recognition of Amazon's quality work environment, professional development opportunities, and
programs available to employees. In India, Amazon ranked No. 1 in Business Today magazine's 2022 Best Companies
to Work list, which highlights the company's growth and learning opportunities, clarity of company goals, and
flexibility at work.
Amazon launched the Welcome Door program in the U.S., a new initiative to provide additional resources and support
to its refugee and humanitarian-based immigrant employees. Through the program, eligible Amazon employees will
have access to reimbursement for Employment Authorization Document fees, a new citizenship assistance portal, free
legal resources, English as a Second Language proficiency programs, and mentorship. Amazon will expand the
program globally by the end of the year.
Amazon expanded its Career Choice program in the U.S. to include partnerships with more than 140 national and local
universities and other schools to offer fully funded college tuition, high school completion and GED preparation
courses, English as a Second Language programs, and college preparation courses. Career Choice is designed to help
front-line employees grow their skills for careers at Amazon or elsewhere. This program—which is available to
Amazon's more than 750,000 hourly employees in the U.S.—helps move the company closer to meeting its Upskilling
2025 pledge, a $1.2 billion commitment to upskill more than 300,000 Amazon employees by 2025.
Amazon expanded its mental health benefits to provide employees, their families, and their household members in
more than 50 countries worldwide with a single starting point for personalized, convenient, and confidential mental
health and daily life support. These mental health benefits enhance existing benefits, which include 24/7 access to free,
one-on-one counseling sessions, suicide prevention resources, and customized support.
Supporting Communities, Selling Partners, and the Economy
Amazon teams around the world mobilized to provide humanitarian support to those affected by the war in Ukraine.
Amazon launched two humanitarian aid hubs in Slovakia and Poland, with more than 90,000 square feet of dedicated
logistics space to expedite relief products to Ukrainian refugees. Through the hub, Amazon has delivered more than 1
million clothing items, first-aid products, food items, hygiene products, and medical supplies. Amazon also donated
more than $10 million in cash to more than 150 nonprofits working on the ground, committed technological assistance
and more than $15 million in free cloud credits to organizations addressing the humanitarian crisis, and provided free
