•
•
mystery series Outer Range starring Josh Brolin, and global superstar Lizzo's first series, Lizzo's Watch Out for the
Big Grrrls.
Prime Video debuted 30 local originals internationally, including new seasons of the unscripted franchise LOL in
Canada, France, Germany, and Italy, as well as Luxe Listings (Australia), Mahaan (India), Bang Bang Baby (Italy),
and HOMESTAY (Japan). New locally produced series and movies launched in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada,
France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, Spain, and the UK.
On April 27, IMDb TV became Freevee. The new name better defines the brand and what it offers customers-free,
premium streaming content.
Amazon launched a U.S. beta version of Amp, a new live radio app that enables creators to DJ their own shows for
free, with tens of millions of licensed songs. Early traction with emerging creators and established talent is strong—
with live shows from artists, including Pusha T, Travis Barker, Tinashe, Lil Yachty, and Nikita Dragun—and the Amp
debut of Nicki Minaj's Queen Radio is coming soon.
Amazon Music and Wondery won six awards—including Podcast of the Year—at the premier podcasting event of the
year, The Ambies. The awards spanned four original podcasts: Suspect (Best True Crime), Business Wars (Best
Business Podcast), The Lead (Best Sports Podcast), and 9/12 (Podcast of the Year, Best Reporting, and Best Original
Score and Music Supervision). This was the second consecutive year that a Wondery podcast won Podcast of the Year.
Lost Ark, the free-to-play multiplayer online game, exceeded 20 million global users and became the second-highest
played title of all time by peak concurrent players on the distribution platform Steam. Published by Amazon Games in
Australia, Europe, Latin America, New Zealand, and North America, the critically acclaimed game was developed by
Smilegate RPG.
Amazon announced the general availability of its Amazon Luna cloud gaming service, which offers an expanded
lineup of games and new features. Luna includes the Retro Channel, with beloved classic games; the Family Channel,
with a curated collection of games for families; and the Prime Gaming Channel, where Prime members can access a
rotating selection of games on Luna for free.
Amazon announced the launch of Mindy's Book Studio, a boutique story studio with best-selling author, actor,
screenwriter, and producer Mindy Kaling. Amazon Publishing will publish books selected by Kaling from emerging
and established diverse voices under Mindy's Book Studio. Amazon Studios and Kaling will also adapt material
published under Mindy's Book Studio as feature motion pictures that will stream exclusively on Prime Video.
Devices and Services
•
•
•
Amazon launched new Alexa experiences for customers. Customers can now ask Alexa about symptoms for common
health ailments and possible causes, and virtually connect to health care professionals through a new collaboration
with Teladoc. They can also access more live and on-demand video content on Echo Show 15 through a new
integration with Sling TV. In addition, Amazon introduced a new Alexa shopping experience that can notify customers
about upcoming deals for items on their wish list or in their shopping cart, remind them when a deal is available, or
order an item when it is discounted.
Amazon introduced Alexa person and package detection announcements for Ring, Abode, and Google devices. With
the new feature, customers can receive an announcement from Alexa, set up a Routine such as turning on a porch light,
and automatically view live video feeds on Echo Show, Fire TV, and Fire tablet devices when a person or package is
detected by their smart camera or video doorbell.
Ring launched in Japan, bringing its lineup of whole-home security devices—including video doorbells, indoor and
outdoor cameras, and accessories—to the country for the first time. Ring devices are now available for sale in 30
countries around the world.
Amazon and Yamada Holdings announced the first smart TV with Amazon Fire TV built-in, offering a content-driven
viewing experience, a simple and intuitive user interface, Alexa, and hands-free TV control for customers in Japan.
eero announced two new additions to the eero family of home mesh wifi systems that will give customers fast
connectivity and high performance in any room of the house: eero Pro 6E, the first Wi-Fi 6E-enabled eero system
designed for gigabit+ internet plans; and eero 6+, the most affordable gigabit-capable eero system.
Emerging Businesses
Amazon Care's virtual health services are now available 24/7 across the U.S. Additionally, Amazon Care expanded its
in-person services to Atlanta, Chicago, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, and San Francisco, and will add more than 15 other
cities this year, including Houston, Miami, New York City, and Phoenix. The service provides immediate access to a
