wide range of urgent and primary care services, including COVID-19 and flu testing, vaccinations, treatment of
illnesses and injuries, preventive care, sexual health, and prescription requests and refills.
Amazon announced agreements with Arianespace, Blue Origin, and United Launch Alliance to provide launch
services for Project Kuiper, Amazon's initiative to increase global broadband access using a constellation of satellites
in low Earth orbit. Amazon secured up to 83 launches across the three contracts, providing heavy-lift capacity to
launch the majority of Amazon's 3,236-satellite constellation. The agreements comprise the largest commercial
procurement of launch vehicles in history and will support thousands of suppliers and highly skilled jobs across the
global space industry.
Amazon Web Services
•
•
AWS announced significant customer momentum, with new commitments and migrations from customers across
many major industries.
•
Telecommunications: T-Systems, a global service provider for information technologies and digital
transformation, selected AWS to launch a managed service in the cloud to provide encryption and implement
transparent residency controls for customers' data in the EU. Verizon migrated its fleet management software
platform, Verizon Connect, to AWS to help businesses of all sizes more effectively manage their commercial
transportation needs. Spanish telecommunications provider Telefónica expanded its strategic collaboration
with AWS to invest in joint go-to-market activities, develop new cloud solutions, and increase AWS Cloud
skills among the Telefónica workforce. Telefónica will use AWS to bring innovation to customers faster and
help them better leverage the agility of the cloud by launching value-added solutions such as edge computing
and built-for-the-cloud private 5G networks that run on AWS Outposts. Commnet Broadband, a broadband
communications provider for tribal and rural communities in the U.S., is working with AWS to transform its
network and bring AWS services to health care, education, tribal, government, mining, business, and carrier
customers in the rural, southwest U.S. Etisalat UAE, a telecommunications provider based in the United
Arab Emirates, announced a collaboration with AWS to use 5G private networks and mobile edge computing
to build prepackaged solutions for industrial use cases including energy, manufacturing, and logistics.
Aerospace: Boeing, a global manufacturer of airplanes and space systems, selected AWS as a strategic cloud
provider to deliver tools to support more powerful, sustainable, and efficient aerospace design, engineering,
and management solutions. Boeing will run high-performance computing workloads on AWS and plans to
move many of their most important applications to AWS. Boeing will use AWS to streamline its approach to
cloud computing as Boeing takes on ambitious engineering feats, like developing a more sustainable future of
flight.
Sports: German national football league Bundesliga announced new Bundesliga Match Facts powered by
AWS to give fans deeper insights into the action on the pitch, including Set Piece Threat, which provides
information on a team's scoring ability from plays such as free kicks and corner kicks, and Skill, which
compares Bundesliga players to visualize the skills they bring to their teams and positions. The National
Hockey League (NHL) and AWS announced Face-off Probability, a live in-game stat that instantly shows
the odds of a player winning a face-off and possession of the puck. Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment,
the owner of some of Canada's best-known sports franchises, including the Toronto Maple Leafs, Toronto
Raptors, Toronto Football Club, and Toronto Argonauts, selected AWS as its official cloud provider and
official provider of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning cloud services to create and
deliver extraordinary sports moments and enhanced fan engagement.
Technology: Database platform MongoDB expanded its relationship with AWS, making it easier for joint
customers to advance their cloud adoption journey. This includes integrated go-to-market activities, shared
developer relations activities, and technology integrations to streamline the migration of on-premises
workloads to MongoDB Atlas on AWS. Amdocs, a provider of software and services to communications and
media companies, used AWS to implement a program enabling 12 billion secure, real-time online and offline
business transactions per day in the cloud. Tech Mahindra, a provider of digital transformation, consulting,
and business reengineering solutions, selected AWS to power an automation platform designed to accelerate
the adoption and deployment of 5G networks by telecommunications carriers.
Health care and life sciences: THREAD, a clinical trials technology and service provider, is using AWS for
real-time access to data and insights that will enable faster, more efficient, and less-costly clinical trials that
optimize research and advance precision medicine.
AWS completed the launch of its first 16 Local Zones in the U.S. and announced plans for new Local Zones in 32
metropolitan areas in 26 countries around the world. AWS Local Zones is a type of infrastructure deployment that
